1. During a routine inspection, a technician discovered that software that was installed on a computer was secretly collecting data about websites that were visited by users of the computer. Which type of threat is affecting this computer?
DoS attack​
identity theft
spyware*
zero-day attack
2. Which term refers to a network that provides secure access to the corporate offices by suppliers, customers and collaborators?
Internet
intranet
extranet*
extendednet
3. A large corporation has modified its network to allow users to access network resources from their personal laptops and smart phones. Which networking trend does this describe?
cloud computing
online collaboration
bring your own device*
video conferencing
4. What is an ISP?
It is a standards body that develops cabling and wiring standards for networking.
It is a protocol that establishes how computers within a local network communicate.
It is an organization that enables individuals and businesses to connect to the Internet.*
It is a networking device that combines the functionality of several different networking devices in one.
5. Match the requirements of a reliable network with the supporting network architecture. (Not all options are used.)

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 1 – 3 Exam Answers p5
6. An employee at a branch office is creating a quote for a customer. In order to do this, the employee needs to access confidential pricing information from internal servers at the Head Office. What type of network would the employee access?
an intranet*
the Internet
an extranet
a local area network
7. Which statement describes the use of powerline networking technology?
New “smart” electrical cabling is used to extend an existing home LAN.
A home LAN is installed without the use of physical cabling.
A device connects to an existing home LAN using an adapter and an existing electrical outlet.*
Wireless access points use powerline adapters to distribute data through the home LAN.
8. A networking technician is working on the wireless network at a medical clinic. The technician accidentally sets up the wireless network so that patients can see the medical records data of other patients. Which of the four network characteristics has been violated in this situation?
fault tolerance
scalability
security*
Quality of Service (QoS)
reliability
Explanation: Network security includes protecting the confidentiality of data that is on the network. In this case, because confidential data has been made available to unauthorized users, the security characteristic of the network has failed.
9. Match each characteristic to its corresponding Internet connectivity type. (Not all options are used.)

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 1 – 3 Exam Answers p9
Explanation: DSL is an always-on, high bandwidth connection that runs over telephone lines. Cable uses the same coaxial cable that carries television signals into the home to provide Internet access. Dialup telephone is much slower than either DSL or cable, but is the least expensive option for home users because it can use any telephone line and a simple modem. Satellite requires a clear line of sight and is affected by trees and other obstructions. None of these typical home options use dedicated leased lines such as T1/E1 and T3/E3.
10. What two criteria are used to help select a network medium from various network media? (Choose two.)
the types of data that need to be prioritized
the cost of the end devices utilized in the network
the distance the selected medium can successfully carry a signal*
the number of intermediate devices installed in the network
the environment where the selected medium is to be installed*
11. What type of network traffic requires QoS?
email
on-line purchasing
video conferencing*
wiki
12. A user is implementing security on a small office network. Which two actions would provide the minimum security requirements for this network? (Choose two.)
implementing a firewall*
installing a wireless network
installing antivirus software*
implementing an intrusion detection system
adding a dedicated intrusion prevention device
Explanation: Technically complex security measures such as intrusion prevention and intrusion prevention systems are usually associated with business networks rather than home networks. Installing antivirus software, antimalware software, and implementing a firewall will usually be the minimum requirements for home networks. Installing a home wireless network will not improve network security, and will require further security actions to be taken.
13. Passwords can be used to restrict access to all or parts of the Cisco IOS. Select the modes and interfaces that can be protected with passwords. (Choose three.)
VTY interface
console interface*
Ethernet interface
boot IOS mode
privileged EXEC mode*
router configuration mode
14. Which interface allows remote management of a Layer 2 switch?
the AUX interface
the console port interface
the switch virtual interface*
the first Ethernet port interface
Explanation: In a Layer 2 switch, there is a switch virtual interface (SVI) that provides a means for remotely managing the device.
15. What function does pressing the Tab key have when entering a command in IOS?
It aborts the current command and returns to configuration mode.
It exits configuration mode and returns to user EXEC mode.
It moves the cursor to the beginning of the next line.
It completes the remainder of a partially typed word in a command.*
Explanation: Pressing the Tab key after a command has been partially typed will cause the IOS to complete the rest of the command.
16. While trying to solve a network issue, a technician made multiple changes to the current router configuration file. The changes did not solve the problem and were not saved. What action can the technician take to discard the changes and work with the file in NVRAM?
Issue the reload command without saving the running configuration.*
Delete the vlan.dat file and reboot the device.
Close and reopen the terminal emulation software.
Issue the copy startup-config running-config command.
Explanation: The technician does not want to make any mistakes trying to remove all the changes that were done to the running configuration file. The solution is to reboot the router without saving the running configuration. The copy startup-config running-config command does not overwrite the running configuration file with the configuration file stored in NVRAM, but rather it just has an additive effect.
17. An administrator uses the Ctrl-Shift-6 key combination on a switch after issuing the ping command. What is the purpose of using these keystrokes?
to restart the ping process
to interrupt the ping process*
to exit to a different configuration mode
to allow the user to complete the command
18. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 1 – 3 Exam Answers p18
A network administrator is configuring access control to switch SW1. If the administrator uses a console connection to connect to the switch, which password is needed to access user EXEC mode?
letmein
secretin
lineconin*
linevtyin
Explanation: Telnet accesses a network device through the virtual interface configured with the line VTY command. The password configured under this is required to access the user EXEC mode. The password configured under the line console 0 command is required to gain entry through the console port, and the enable and enable secret passwords are used to allow entry into the privileged EXEC mode.
19. A technician configures a switch with these commands:
SwitchA(config)# interface vlan 1
SwitchA(config-if)# ip address 192.168.1.1 255.255.255.0
SwitchA(config-if)# no shutdown
What is the technician configuring?
Telnet access
SVI*
password encryption
physical switchport access
Explanation: For a switch to have an IP address, a switch virtual interface must be configured. This allows the switch to be managed remotely over the network.
20. Which command or key combination allows a user to return to the previous level in the command hierarchy?
end
exit*
Ctrl-Z
Ctrl-C
Explanation: End and CTRL-Z return the user to the privileged EXEC mode. Ctrl-C ends a command in process. The exit command returns the user to the previous level.
21. What are two characteristics of RAM on a Cisco device? (Choose two.)
RAM provides nonvolatile storage.
The configuration that is actively running on the device is stored in RAM.*
The contents of RAM are lost during a power cycle.*
RAM is a component in Cisco switches but not in Cisco routers.
RAM is able to store multiple versions of IOS and configuration files.
22. Which two host names follow the guidelines for naming conventions on Cisco IOS devices? (Choose two.)
Branch2!
RM-3-Switch-2A4*
Floor(15)
HO Floor 17
SwBranch799*
Explanation: Some guidelines for naming conventions are that names should:
Start with a letter
Contain no spaces
End with a letter or digit
Use only letters, digits, and dashes
Be less than 64 characters in length
23. How is SSH different from Telnet?
SSH makes connections over the network, whereas Telnet is for out-of-band access.
SSH provides security to remote sessions by encrypting messages and using user authentication. Telnet is considered insecure and sends messages in plaintext.*
SSH requires the use of the PuTTY terminal emulation program. Tera Term must be used to connect to devices through the use of Telnet.
SSH must be configured over an active network connection, whereas Telnet is used to connect to a device from a console connection.
Explanation: SSH is the preferred protocol for connecting to a device operating system over the network because it is much more secure than Telnet. Both SSH and Telnet are used to connect to devices over the network, and so are both used in-band. PuTTY and Terra Term can be used to make both SSH and Telnet connections.
24. An administrator is configuring a switch console port with a password. In what order will the administrator travel through the IOS modes of operation in order to reach the mode in which the configuration commands will be entered? (Not all options are used.)

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 1 – 3 Exam Answers p24
Explanation: The configuration mode that the administrator first encounters is user EXEC mode. After the enable command is entered, the next mode is privileged EXEC mode. From there, the configure terminal command is entered to move to global configuration mode. Finally, the administrator enters the line console 0 command to enter the mode in which the configuration will be entered.
25. What are three characteristics of an SVI? (Choose three.)
It is designed as a security protocol to protect switch ports.
It is not associated with any physical interface on a switch.*
It is a special interface that allows connectivity by different types of media.
It is required to allow connectivity by any device at any location.
It provides a means to remotely manage a switch.*
It is associated with VLAN1 by default.*
Explanation: Switches have one or more switch virtual interfaces (SVIs). SVIs are created in software since there is no physical hardware associated with them. Virtual interfaces provide a means to remotely manage a switch over a network that is using IP. Each switch comes with one SVI appearing in the default configuration “out-of-the-box.” The default SVI interface is VLAN1.
26. What command is used to verify the condition of the switch interfaces, including the status of the interfaces and a configured IP address?
ipconfig
ping
traceroute
show ip interface brief*
Explanation: The show ip interface brief command is used to display a brief synopsis of the condition of the device interfaces. The ipconfig command is used to verify TCP/IP properties on a host. The ping command is used to verify Layer 3 connectivity. The traceroute command is used to trace the network path from source to destination.
27. Match the description with the associated IOS mode. (Not all options are used.)

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 1 – 3 Exam Answers p27
28. Match the definitions to their respective CLI hot keys and shortcuts. (Not all options are used.)

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 1 – 3 Exam Answers p28
29. In the show running-config command, which part of the syntax is represented by running-config?
the command
a keyword*
a variable
a prompt
Explanation: The first part of the syntax, show, is the command, and the second part of the syntax, running-config, is the keyword. The keyword specifies what should be displayed as the output of the show command.
30. After making configuration changes on a Cisco switch, a network administrator issues a copy running-config startup-config command. What is the result of issuing this command?
The new configuration will be stored in flash memory.
The new configuration will be loaded if the switch is restarted.*
The current IOS file will be replaced with the newly configured file.
The configuration changes will be removed and the original configuration will be restored.
31. What command will prevent all unencrypted passwords from displaying in plain text in a configuration file?
(config)# enable password secret
(config)# enable secret Secret_Password
(config-line)# password secret
(config)# service password-encryption*
(config)# enable secret Encrypted_Password
32. A network administrator enters the service password-encryption command into the configuration mode of a router. What does this command accomplish?
This command encrypts passwords as they are transmitted across serial WAN links.
This command prevents someone from viewing the running configuration passwords.*
This command enables a strong encryption algorithm for the enable secret password command.
This command automatically encrypts passwords in configuration files that are currently stored in NVRAM.
This command provides an exclusive encrypted password for external service personnel who are required to do router maintenance.
Explanation: The startup-config and running-config files display most passwords in plaintext. Use the service password-encryption global config command to encrypt all plaintext passwords in these files.
33. What method can be used by two computers to ensure that packets are not dropped because too much data is being sent too quickly?
encapsulation
flow control*
access method
response timeout
Explanation: In order for two computers to be able to communicate effectively, there must be a mechanism that allows both the source and destination to set the timing of the transmission and receipt of data. Flow control allows for this by ensuring that data is not sent too fast for it to be received properly.
34. Which statement accurately describes a TCP/IP encapsulation process when a PC is sending data to the network?
Data is sent from the internet layer to the network access layer.
Packets are sent from the network access layer to the transport layer.
Segments are sent from the transport layer to the internet layer.*
Frames are sent from the network access layer to the internet layer.
Explanation: When the data is traveling from the PC to the network, the transport layer sends segments to the internet layer. The internet layer sends packets to the network access layer, which creates frames and then converts the frames to bits. The bits are released to the network media.
35. What three application layer protocols are part of the TCP/IP protocol suite? (Choose three.)
ARP
DHCP*
DNS*
FTP*
NAT
PPP
Explanation: DNS, DHCP, and FTP are all application layer protocols in the TCP/IP protocol suite. ARP and PPP are network access layer protocols, and NAT is an internet layer protocol in the TCP/IP protocol suite.
36. Match the description to the organization. (Not all options are used.)

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 1 – 3 Exam Answers p36
37. Which name is assigned to the transport layer PDU?
bits
data
frame
packet
segment*
Explanation: Application data is passed down the protocol stack on its way to be transmitted across the network media. During the process, various protocols add information to it at each level. At each stage of the process, a PDU (protocol data unit) has a different name to reflect its new functions. The PDUs are named according to the protocols of the TCP/IP suite:
Data – The general term for the PDU used at the application layer.
Segment – transport layer PDU
Packet – network layer PDU
Frame – data link layer PDU
Bits – A physical layer PDU used when physically transmitting data over the medium
38. When IPv4 addressing is manually configured on a web server, which property of the IPv4 configuration identifies the network and host portion for an IPv4 address?
DNS server address
subnet mask*
default gateway
DHCP server address
Explanation: There are several components that need to be entered when configuring IPv4 for an end device:
IPv4 address – uniquely identifies an end device on the network
Subnet mask – determines the network address portion and host portion for an IPv4 address
Default gateway – the IP address of the router interface used for communicating with hosts in another network
DNS server address – the IP address of the Domain Name System (DNS) server
DHCP server address (if DHCP is used) is not configured manually on end devices. It will be provided by a DHCP server when an end device requests an IP address.
39. What process involves placing one PDU inside of another PDU?
Encapsulation*
encoding
segmentation
flow control
Explanation: When a message is placed inside of another message, this is known as encapsulation. On networks, encapsulation takes place when one protocol data unit is carried inside of the data field of the next lower protocol data unit.
40. What layer is responsible for routing messages through an internetwork in the TCP/IP model?
Internet*
transport
network access
session
Explanation: The TCP/IP model consists of four layers: application, transport, internet, and network access. Of these four layers, it is the internet layer that is responsible for routing messages. The session layer is not part of the TCP/IP model but is rather part of the OSI model.
41. For the TCP/IP protocol suite, what is the correct order of events when a Telnet message is being prepared to be sent over the network?

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 1 – 3 Exam Answers p41
42. Which PDU format is used when bits are received from the network medium by the NIC of a host?
file
frame*
packet
segment
Explanation: When received at the physical layer of a host, the bits are formatted into a frame at the data link layer. A packet is the PDU at the network layer. A segment is the PDU at the transport layer. A file is a data structure that may be used at the application layer.
43. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 1 – 3 Exam Answers p43
ServerB is attempting to contact HostA. Which two statements correctly identify the addressing that ServerB will generate in the process? (Choose two.)
ServerB will generate a packet with the destination IP address of RouterB.
ServerB will generate a frame with the destination MAC address of SwitchB.
ServerB will generate a packet with the destination IP address of RouterA.
ServerB will generate a frame with the destination MAC address of RouterB.*
ServerB will generate a packet with the destination IP address of HostA.*
ServerB will generate a frame with the destination MAC address of RouterA.
44. Which method allows a computer to react accordingly when it requests data from a server and the server takes too long to respond?
encapsulation
flow control
access method
response timeout*
45. A web client is receiving a response for a web page from a web server. From the perspective of the client, what is the correct order of the protocol stack that is used to decode the received transmission?
Ethernet, IP, TCP, HTTP*
HTTP, TCP, IP, Ethernet
Ethernet, TCP, IP, HTTP
HTTP, Ethernet, IP, TCP
Explanation:
1. HTTP governs the way that a web server and client interact.
2. TCP manages individual conversations between web servers and clients.
3. IP is responsible for delivery across the best path to the destination.
4. Ethernet takes the packet from IP and formats it for transmission.
46. Which two OSI model layers have the same functionality as a single layer of the TCP/IP model? (Choose two.)
data link*
network
physical*
session
transport
47. At which layer of the OSI model would a logical address be added during encapsulation?
physical layer
data link layer
network layer*
transport layer
48. What is a characteristic of multicast messages?
They are sent to a select group of hosts.*
They are sent to all hosts on a network.
They must be acknowledged.
They are sent to a single destination.
Explanation: Multicast is a one-to-many type of communication. Multicast messages are addressed to a specific multicast group.
49. Which statement is correct about network protocols?
Network protocols define the type of hardware that is used and how it is mounted in racks.
They define how messages are exchanged between the source and the destination.*
They all function in the network access layer of TCP/IP.
They are only required for exchange of messages between devices on remote networks.
50. What is an advantage of network devices using open standard protocols?
Network communications is confined to data transfers between devices from the same vendor.
A client host and a server running different operating systems can successfully exchange data.*
Internet access can be controlled by a single ISP in each market.
Competition and innovation are limited to specific types of products.
51. Which device performs the function of determining the path that messages should take through internetworks?
a router*
a firewall
a web server
a DSL modem
Explanation: A router is used to determine the path that the messages should take through the network. A firewall is used to filter incoming and outgoing traffic. A DSL modem is used to provide Internet connection for a home or an organization.
52. Open the PT Activity.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 1 – 3 Exam Answers p52
Perform the tasks in the activity instructions and then answer the question.
What is the IP address of the switch virtual interface (SVI) on Switch0?
192.168.5.10*
192.168.10.5
192.168.10.1
192.168.5.0
Explanation: After the enable command is issued, the show running-configuration command or the show ip interfaces brief command will display the IP address of the switch virtual interface (SVI).
53. Why would a Layer 2 switch need an IP address?
to enable the switch to send broadcast frames to attached PCs
to enable the switch to function as a default gateway
to enable the switch to be managed remotely*
to enable the switch to receive frames from attached PCs
Explanation: A switch, as a Layer 2 device, does not need an IP address to transmit frames to attached devices. However, when a switch is accessed remotely through the network, it must have a Layer 3 address. The IP address must be applied to a virtual interface rather than to a physical interface. Routers, not switches, function as default gateways.
54. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 1 – 3 Exam Answers p54
An administrator is trying to configure the switch but receives the error message that is displayed in the exhibit. What is the problem?
The entire command, configure terminal, must be used.
The administrator is already in global configuration mode.
The administrator must first enter privileged EXEC mode before issuing the command.*
The administrator must connect via the console port to access global configuration mode.
Explanation: In order to enter global configuration mode, the command configure terminal, or a shortened version such as config t, must be entered from privileged EXEC mode. In this scenario the administrator is in user EXEC mode, as indicated by the > symbol after the hostname. The administrator would need to use the enable command to move into privileged EXEC mode before entering the configure terminal command.
55. What term describes a network owned by one organization that provides safe and secure access to individuals who work for a different organization?
Extranet*
cloud
BYOD
quality of service
56. What term describes storing personal files on servers over the internet to provide access anywhere, anytime, and on any device?
Cloud*
BYOD
quality of service
converged network
57. What term describes a network where one computer can be both client and server?
peer-to-peer*
cloud
BYOD
quality of service
58. What term describes a type of network used by people who work from home or from a small remote office?
SOHO network*
BYOD
quality of service
converged network
59. What term describes a computing model where server software runs on dedicated computers?
client/server*
internet
intranet
extranet
60. What term describes a type of network used by people who work from home or from a small remote office?
SOHO network*
internet
intranet
extranet
61. What term describes a technology that allows devices to connect to the LAN using an electrical outlet?
powerline networking*
internet
intranet
extranet
62. What term describes a policy that allows network devices to manage the flow of data to give priority to voice and video?
quality of service*
internet
intranet
extranet
63. What term describes a private collection of LANs and WANs that belongs to an organization?
Intranet*
internet
extranet
peer-to-peer
64. What term describes the ability to use personal devices across a business or campus network?
BYOD*
internet
intranet
extranet
65. At which OSI layer is a source IP address added to a PDU during the encapsulation process?
network layer*
data link layer
transport layer
application layer
66. At which OSI layer is a destination port number added to a PDU during the encapsulation process?
transport layer*
data link layer
network layer
application layer
67. At which OSI layer is data added to a PDU during the encapsulation process?
application layer*
data link layer
network layer
transport layer
68. At which OSI layer is a source IP address added to a PDU during the encapsulation process?
network layer*
data link layer
application layer
presentation layer
69. At which OSI layer is data added to a PDU during the encapsulation process?
application layer*
transport layer
network layer
presentation layer
70. At which OSI layer is a destination IP address added to a PDU during the encapsulation process?
network layer*
application layer
transport layer
presentation layer
71. At which OSI layer is a source MAC address added to a PDU during the encapsulation process?
data link layer*
application layer
transport layer
presentation layer
72. At which OSI layer is a source port number added to a PDU during the encapsulation process?
transport layer*
application layer
network layer
presentation layer
73. At which OSI layer is a destination MAC address added to a PDU during the encapsulation process?
data link layer*
transport layer
application layer
network layer
74. At which OSI layer is a source port number added to a PDU during the encapsulation process?
transport layer*
network layer
application layer
data link layer
Modules 1 – 3: Basic Network Connectivity and Communications Exam Answers (Additional)
1. During a routine inspection, a technician discovered that software that was installed on a computer was secretly collecting data about websites that were visited by users of the computer. Which type of threat is affecting this computer?
DoS attack​
identity theft
spyware*
zero-day attack
2. Which term refers to a network that provides secure access to the corporate offices by suppliers, customers and collaborators?
Internet
intranet
extranet*
extendednet
3. A large corporation has modified its network to allow users to access network resources from their personal laptops and smart phones. Which networking trend does this describe?
loud computing
online collaboration
bring your own device*
video conferencing
4. What is an ISP?
It is a standards body that develops cabling and wiring standards for networking.
It is a protocol that establishes how computers within a local network communicate.
It is an organization that enables individuals and businesses to connect to the Internet.*
It is a networking device that combines the functionality of several different networking devices in one.
5. In which scenario would the use of a WISP be recommended?
an Internet cafe in a city
a farm in a rural area without wired broadband access*
any home with multiple wireless devices
an apartment in a building with cable access to the Internet
6. What characteristic of a network enables it to quickly grow to support new users and applications without impacting the performance of the service being delivered to existing users?
reliability
scalability*
quality of service
accessibility
7. A college is building a new dormitory on its campus. Workers are digging in the ground to install a new water pipe for the dormitory. A worker accidentally damages a fiber optic cable that connects two of the existing dormitories to the campus data center. Although the cable has been cut, students in the dormitories only experience a very short interruption of network services. What characteristic of the network is shown here?
quality of service (QoS)
scalability
security
fault tolerance*
integrity
8. What are two characteristics of a scalable network? (Choose two.)
easily overloaded with increased traffic
grows in size without impacting existing users*
is not as reliable as a small network
suitable for modular devices that allow for expansion*
offers limited number of applications
9. Which device performs the function of determining the path that messages should take through internetworks?
a router*
a firewall
a web server
a DSL modem
10. Which two Internet connection options do not require that physical cables be run to the building? (Choose two.)
DSL
Celular*
Satellite*
dialup
dedicated leased line
11. What type of network must a home user access in order to do online shopping?
an intranet
the Internet*
an extranet
a local area network
12. How does BYOD change the way in which businesses implement networks?​
BYOD requires organizations to purchase laptops rather than desktops.
BYOD users are responsible for their own network security, thus reducing the need for organizational security policies.
BYOD devices are more expensive than devices that are purchased by an organization.
BYOD provides flexibility in where and how users can access network resources.*
13. An employee wants to access the network of the organization remotely, in the safest possible way. What network feature would allow an employee to gain secure remote access to a company network?
ACL
IPS
VPN*
BYOD
14. What is the Internet?
It is a network based on Ethernet technology.
It provides network access for mobile devices.
It provides connections through interconnected global networks.*
It is a private network for an organization with LAN and WAN connections.
15. What are two functions of end devices on a network? (Choose two.)
They originate the data that flows through the network.*
They direct data over alternate paths in the event of link failures.
They filter the flow of data to enhance security.
They are the interface between humans and the communication network.*
They provide the channel over which the network message travels.
16. Which statement is true about the running configuration file in a Cisco IOS device?
It affects the operation of the device immediately when modified.*
It is stored in NVRAM.
It should be deleted using the erase running-config command.
It is automatically saved when the router reboots.
17. Which two statements are true regarding the user EXEC mode? (Choose two.)
All router commands are available.
Global configuration mode can be accessed by entering the enable command.
The device prompt for this mode ends with the “>” symbol.*
Interfaces and routing protocols can be configured.
Only some aspects of the router configuration can be viewed.*
18. Which type of access is secured on a Cisco router or switch with the enable secret command?
virtual terminal
privileged EXEC*
AUX port
console line
19. What is the default SVI on a Cisco switch?
VLAN1*
VLAN99
VLAN100
VLAN999
20. When a hostname is configured through the Cisco CLI, which three naming conventions are part of the guidelines? (Choose three.)
the hostname should be fewer than 64 characters in length*
the hostname should be written in all lower case characters
the hostname should contain no spaces*
the hostname should end with a special character
the hostname should begin with a letter*
21. What is the function of the shell in an OS?
It interacts with the device hardware.
It interfaces between the users and the kernel.*
It provides dedicated firewall services.
It provides the intrusion protection services for the device.
22. A router with a valid operating system contains a configuration file stored in NVRAM. The configuration file has an enable secret password but no console password. When the router boots up, which mode will display?
global configuration mode
setup mode
privileged EXEC mode
user EXEC mode*
23. An administrator has just changed the IP address of an interface on an IOS device. What else must be done in order to apply those changes to the device?
Copy the running configuration to the startup configuration file.
Copy the information in the startup configuration file to the running configuration.
Reload the device and type yes when prompted to save the configuration.
Nothing must be done. Changes to the configuration on an IOS device take effect as soon as the command is typed correctly and the Enter key has been pressed.*
24. Which memory location on a Cisco router or switch will lose all content when the device is restarted?
ROM
flash
NVRAM
RAM*
25. Why would a technician enter the command copy startup-config running-config?
to remove all configurations from the switch
to save an active configuration to NVRAM
to copy an existing configuration into RAM*
to make a changed configuration the new startup configuration
26. Which functionality is provided by DHCP?
automatic assignment of an IP address to each host*
remote switch management
translation of IP addresses to domain names
end-to-end connectivity test
27. Which two functions are provided to users by the context-sensitive help feature of the Cisco IOS CLI? (Choose two.)
providing an error message when a wrong command is submitted
displaying a list of all available commands within the current mode*
allowing the user to complete the remainder of an abbreviated command with the TAB key
determining which option, keyword, or argument is available for the entered command*
selecting the best command to accomplish a task
28. Which memory location on a Cisco router or switch stores the startup configuration file?
RAM
ROM
NVRAM*
flash
29. To what subnet does the IP address 10.1.100.50 belong if a subnet mask of 255.255.0.0 is used?
10.1.0.0*
10.0.0.0
10.1.100.32
10.1.100.0
30. Which three acronyms/initialisms represent standards organizations? (Choose three.)
IANA*
TCP/IP
IEEE*
IETF*
OSI
MAC
31. What type of communication will send a message to all devices on a local area network?
Broadcast*
multicast
unicast
allcast
32. In computer communication, what is the purpose of message encoding?
to convert information to the appropriate form for transmission*
to interpret information
to break large messages into smaller frames
to negotiate correct timing for successful communication
33. Which message delivery option is used when all devices need to receive the same message simultaneously?
duplex
unicast
multicast
broadcast*
34. What are two benefits of using a layered network model? (Choose two.)
It assists in protocol design.*
It speeds up packet delivery.
It prevents designers from creating their own model.
It prevents technology in one layer from affecting other layers.*
It ensures a device at one layer can function at the next higher layer.
35. What is the purpose of protocols in data communications?
specifying the bandwidth of the channel or medium for each type of communication
specifying the device operating systems that will support the communication
providing the rules required for a specific type of communication to occur*
dictating the content of the message sent during communication
36. Which logical address is used for delivery of data to a remote network?
destination MAC address
destination IP address*
destination port number
source MAC address
source IP address
37. What is the general term that is used to describe a piece of data at any layer of a networking model?
frame
packet
protocol data unit*
segment
38. Which two protocols function at the internet layer? (Choose two.)
POP
BOOTP
ICMP*
IP*
PPP
39. Which layer of the OSI model defines services to segment and reassemble data for individual communications between end devices?
application
presentation
session
transport*
network
40. Which type of communication will send a message to a group of host destinations simultaneously?
broadcast
multicast*
unicast
anycast
41. What process is used to receive transmitted data and convert it into a readable message?
access control
decoding*
encapsulation
flow control
42. What is done to an IP packet before it is transmitted over the physical medium?
It is tagged with information guaranteeing reliable delivery.
It is segmented into smaller individual pieces.
It is encapsulated into a TCP segment.
It is encapsulated in a Layer 2 frame.*
43. What process is used to place one message inside another message for transfer from the source to the destination?
access control
decoding
encapsulation*
flow control
44. A web client is sending a request for a webpage to a web server. From the perspective of the client, what is the correct order of the protocol stack that is used to prepare the request for transmission?
HTTP, IP, TCP, Ethernet
HTTP, TCP, IP, Ethernet*
Ethernet, TCP, IP, HTTP
Ethernet, IP, TCP, HTTP

1. What is the purpose of the OSI physical layer?
controlling access to media
transmitting bits across the local media*
performing error detection on received frames
exchanging frames between nodes over physical network media
2. Why are two strands of fiber used for a single fiber optic connection?
The two strands allow the data to travel for longer distances without degrading.
They prevent crosstalk from causing interference on the connection.
They increase the speed at which the data can travel.
They allow for full-duplex connectivity.*
3. Which characteristic describes crosstalk?
the distortion of the network signal from fluorescent lighting
the distortion of the transmitted messages from signals carried in adjacent wires*
the weakening of the network signal over long cable lengths
the loss of wireless signal over excessive distance from the access point
4. Which procedure is used to reduce the effect of crosstalk in copper cables?
requiring proper grounding connections
twisting opposing circuit wire pairs together*
wrapping the bundle of wires with metallic shielding
designing a cable infrastructure to avoid crosstalk interference
avoiding sharp bends during installation
5. Match the situation with the appropriate use of network media.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 4 – 7 Exam Answers p5
6. A network administrator is measuring the transfer of bits across the company backbone for a mission critical financial application. The administrator notices that the network throughput appears lower than the bandwidth expected. Which three factors could influence the differences in throughput? (Choose three.)
the amount of traffic that is currently crossing the network*
the sophistication of the encapsulation method applied to the data
the type of traffic that is crossing the network*
the latency that is created by the number of network devices that the data is crossing*
the bandwidth of the WAN connection to the Internet
the reliability of the gigabit Ethernet infrastructure of the backbone
7. What are two characteristics of fiber-optic cable? (Choose two.)
It is not affected by EMI or RFI.*
Each pair of cables is wrapped in metallic foil.
It combines the technique of cancellation, shielding, and twisting to protect data.
It typically contains 4 pairs of fiber-optic wires.
It is more expensive than UTP cabling is.*
8. What is a primary role of the Physical layer in transmitting data on the network?
create the signals that represent the bits in each frame on to the media*
provide physical addressing to the devices
determine the path packets take through the network
control data access to the media
Explanation: The OSI physical layer provides the means to transport the bits that make up a frame across the network media. This layer accepts a complete frame from the data link layer and encodes it as a series of signals that are transmitted to the local media.
9. With the use of unshielded twisted-pair copper wire in a network, what causes crosstalk within the cable pairs?
the magnetic field around the adjacent pairs of wire*
the use of braided wire to shield the adjacent wire pairs
the reflection of the electrical wave back from the far end of the cable
the collision caused by two nodes trying to use the media simultaneously
Explanation: Crosstalk is a type of noise, or interference that occurs when signal transmission on one wire interferes with another wire. When current flows through a wire a magnetic field is produced. The produced magnetic field will interface the signal carried in the adjacent wire.
10. Refer to the graphic.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 4 – 7 Exam Answers p10
What type of cabling is shown?
STP
UTP
coax
fiber*
Explanation: Network cabling include different types of cables:
UTP cable consists of four pairs of color-coded wires that have been twisted together and then encased in a flexible plastic sheath.
STP cable uses four pairs of wires, each wrapped in a foil shield, which are then wrapped in an overall metallic braid or foil.
Coaxial cable uses a copper conductor and a layer of flexible plastic insulation surrounds the copper conductor.
Fiber cable is a flexible, extremely thin, transparent strand of glass surrounded by plastic insulation.
11. In addition to the cable length, what two factors could interfere with the communication carried over UTP cables? (Choose two.)
Crosstalk*
bandwidth
size of the network
signal modulation technique
electromagnetic interference*
Explanation: Copper media is widely used in network communications. However, copper media is limited by distance and signal interference. Data is transmitted on copper cables as electrical pulses. The electrical pulses are susceptible to interference from two sources:
Electromagnetic interference (EMI) or radio frequency interference (RFI) – EMI and RFI signals can distort and corrupt the data signals being carried by copper media.
Crosstalk – Crosstalk is a disturbance caused by the electric or magnetic fields of a signal on one wire interfering with the signal in an adjacent wire.
12. Refer to the graphic.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 4 – 7 Exam Answers p12
What type of cabling is shown?
STP
UTP*
coax
fiber
13. Which two devices commonly affect wireless networks? (Choose two.)
Blu-ray players
home theaters
cordless phones*
microwaves*
incandescent light bulbs
external hard drives
Explanation: Radio Frequency Interference (RFI) is the interference that is caused by radio transmitters and other devices that are transmitting in the same frequency.
14. Which two statements describe the services provided by the data link layer? (Choose two.)
It defines the end-to-end delivery addressing scheme.
It maintains the path between the source and destination devices during the data transmission.
It manages the access of frames to the network media.*
It provides reliable delivery through link establishment and flow control.
It ensures that application data will be transmitted according to the prioritization.
It packages various Layer 3 PDUs into a frame format that is compatible with the network interface.*
Explanation: The data link layer is divided into two sub layers, namely Logical Link Control (LLC) and Media Access Control (MAC). LLC forms a frame from the network layer PDU into a format that conforms to the requirements of the network interface and media. A network layer PDU might be for IPv4 or IPv6. The MAC sub layer defines the media access processes performed by the hardware. It manages the frame access to the network media according to the physical signaling requirements (copper cable, fiber optic, wireless, etc.)
15. What is the function of the CRC value that is found in the FCS field of a frame?
to verify the integrity of the received frame*
to verify the physical address in the frame
to verify the logical address in the frame
to compute the checksum header for the data field in the frame
16. What is contained in the trailer of a data-link frame?
logical address
physical address
data
error detection*
17. Which statement describes a characteristic of the frame header fields of the data link layer?
They all include the flow control and logical connection fields.
Ethernet frame header fields contain Layer 3 source and destination addresses.
They vary depending on protocols.*
They include information on user applications.
Explanation: All data link layer protocols encapsulate the Layer 3 PDU within the data field of the frame. However, the structure of the frame and the fields that are contained in the header vary according to the protocol. Different data link layer protocols may use different fields, like priority/quality of service, logical connection control, physical link control, flow control, and congestion control.
18. A network team is comparing physical WAN topologies for connecting remote sites to a headquarters building. Which topology provides high availability and connects some, but not all, remote sites?
mesh
partial mesh*
hub and spoke
point-to-point
Explanation: Partial mesh topologies provide high availability by interconnecting multiple remote sites, but do not require a connection between all remote sites. A mesh topology requires point-to-point links with every system being connected to every other system. A point-to-point topology is where each device is connected to one other device. A hub and spoke uses a central device in a star topology that connects to other point-to-point devices.
19. Which two fields or features does Ethernet examine to determine if a received frame is passed to the data link layer or discarded by the NIC? (Choose two.)
auto-MDIX
CEF
Frame Check Sequence*
minimum frame size*
source MAC address
20. Which media communication type does not require media arbitration in the data link layer?
deterministic
half-duplex
full-duplex*
controlled access
Explanation: Half-duplex communication occurs when both devices can both transmit and receive on the medium but cannot do so simultaneously. Full-duplex communication occurs when both devices can transmit and receive on the medium at the same time and therefore does not require media arbitration. Half-duplex communication is typically contention-based, whereas controlled (deterministic) access is applied in technologies where devices take turns to access the medium.
21. Which statement describes an extended star topology?
End devices connect to a central intermediate device, which in turn connects to other central intermediate devices.*
End devices are connected together by a bus and each bus connects to a central intermediate device.
Each end system is connected to its respective neighbor via an intermediate device.
All end and intermediate devices are connected in a chain to each other.
Explanation: In an extended star topology, central intermediate devices interconnect other star topologies.
22. What is a characteristic of the LLC sublayer?
It provides the logical addressing required that identifies the device.
It provides delimitation of data according to the physical signaling requirements of the medium.
It places information in the frame allowing multiple Layer 3 protocols to use the same network interface and media.*
It defines software processes that provide services to the physical layer.
23. What are three ways that media access control is used in networking? (Choose three.)
Ethernet utilizes CSMA/CD.*
Media access control provides placement of data frames onto the media.*
Contention-based access is also known as deterministic.
802.11 utilizes CSMA/CD.
Data link layer protocols define the rules for access to different media.*
Networks with controlled access have reduced performance due to data collisions.
24. During the encapsulation process, what occurs at the data link layer for a PC connected to an Ethernet network?
An IP address is added.
The logical address is added.
The physical address is added.*
The process port number is added.
Explanation: The Ethernet frame includes the source and destination physical address. The trailer includes a CRC value in the Frame Check Sequence field to allow the receiving device to determine if the frame has been changed (has errors) during the transmission.
25. What three items are contained in an Ethernet header and trailer? (Choose three.)
source IP address
source MAC address*
destination IP address
destination MAC address*
error-checking information*
Explanation: Layer 2 headers contain the following:
Frame start and stop indicator flags at the beginning and end of a frame
Addressing – for Ethernet networks this part of the header contains source and destination MAC addresses
Type field to indicate what Layer 3 protocol is being used
Error detection to determine if the frame arrived without error
26. What type of communication rule would best describe CSMA/CD?
access method*
flow control
message encapsulation
message encoding
Explanation: Carrier sense multiple access collision detection (CSMA/CD) is the access method used with Ethernet. The access method rule of communication dictates how a network device is able to place a signal on the carrier. CSMA/CD dictates those rules on an Ethernet network and CSMA/CA dictates those rules on an 802.11 wireless LAN.
27. Which three basic parts are common to all frame types supported by the data link layer? (Choose three.)
header*
type field
MTU size
Data*
Tráiler*
CRC value
Explanation: The data link protocol is responsible for NIC-to-NIC communications within the same network. Although there are many different data link layer protocols that describe data link layer frames, each frame type has three basic parts:
Header
Data
Trailer
28. Which statement is true about the CSMA/CD access method that is used in Ethernet?
When a device hears a carrier signal and transmits, a collision cannot occur.
A jamming signal causes only devices that caused the collision to execute a backoff algorithm.
All network devices must listen before transmitting.*
Devices involved in a collision get priority to transmit after the backoff period.
29. What is the auto-MDIX feature on a switch?
the automatic configuration of an interface for 10/100/1000 Mb/s operation
the automatic configuration of an interface for a straight-through or a crossover Ethernet cable connection*
the automatic configuration of full-duplex operation over a single Ethernet copper or optical cable
the ability to turn a switch interface on or off accordingly if an active connection is detected
Explanation: The auto-MDIX enables a switch to use a crossover or a straight-through Ethernet cable to connect to a device regardless of the device on the other end of the connection.
30. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 4 – 7 Exam Answers p30
What is the destination MAC address of the Ethernet frame as it leaves the web server if the final destination is PC1?
00-60-2F-3A-07-AA
00-60-2F-3A-07-BB
00-60-2F-3A-07-CC*
00-60-2F-3A-07-DD
Explanation: The destination MAC address is used for local delivery of Ethernet frames. The MAC (Layer 2) address changes at each network segment along the path. As the frame leaves the web server, it will be delivered by using the MAC address of the default gateway.
31. A Layer 2 switch is used to switch incoming frames from a 1000BASE-T port to a port connected to a 100Base-T network. Which method of memory buffering would work best for this task?
port-based buffering
level 1 cache buffering
shared memory buffering*
fixed configuration buffering
32. What are two examples of the cut-through switching method? (Choose two.)
store-and-forward switching
fast-forward switching*
CRC switching
fragment-free switching*
QOS switching
33. Which frame forwarding method receives the entire frame and performs a CRC check to detect errors before forwarding the frame?
cut-through switching
store-and-forward switching*
fragment-free switching
fast-forward switching
Explanation: Fast-forward and fragment-free switching are variations of cut-through switching, which begins to forward the frame before the entire frame is received.
34. What is the purpose of the FCS field in a frame?
to obtain the MAC address of the sending node
to verify the logical address of the sending node
to compute the CRC header for the data field
to determine if errors occurred in the transmission and reception*
Explanation: The FCS field in a frame is used to detect any errors in the transmission and receipt of a frame. This is done by comparing the CRC value within the frame against a computed CRC value of the frame. If the two values do not match, then the frame is discarded.
35. Which switching method has the lowest level of latency?
cut-through
store-and-forward
fragment-free
fast-forward*
Explanation: Fast-forward switching begins to forward a frame after reading the destination MAC address, resulting in the lowest latency. Fragment-free reads the first 64 bytes before forwarding. Store-and-forward has the highest latency because it reads the entire frame before beginning to forward it. Both fragment-free and fast-forward are types of cut-through switching.
36. A network administrator is connecting two modern switches using a straight-through cable. The switches are new and have never been configured. Which three statements are correct about the final result of the connection? (Choose three.)
The link between the switches will work at the fastest speed that is supported by both switches.*
The link between switches will work as full-duplex.*
If both switches support different speeds, they will each work at their own fastest speed.
The auto-MDIX feature will configure the interfaces eliminating the need for a crossover cable.*
The connection will not be possible unless the administrator changes the cable to a crossover cable.
The duplex capability has to be manually configured because it cannot be negotiated.
Explanation: Modern switches can negotiate to work in full-duplex mode if both switches are capable. They will negotiate to work using the fastest possible speed and the auto-MDIX feature is enabled by default, so a cable change is not needed.
37. Which advantage does the store-and-forward switching method have compared with the cut-through switching method?
collision detecting
frame error checking*
faster frame forwarding
frame forwarding using IPv4 Layer 3 and 4 information
Explanation: A switch using the store-and-forward switching method performs an error check on an incoming frame by comparing the FCS value against its own FCS calculations after the entire frame is received. In comparison, a switch using the cut-through switching method makes quick forwarding decisions and starts the forwarding process without waiting for the entire frame to be received. Thus a switch using cut-through switching may send invalid frames to the network. The performance of store-and-forward switching is slower compared to cut-through switching performance. Collision detection is monitored by the sending device. Store-and-forward switching does not use IPv4 Layer 3 and 4 information for its forwarding decisions.
38. When the store-and-forward method of switching is in use, what part of the Ethernet frame is used to perform an error check?
CRC in the tráiler*
source MAC address in the header
destination MAC address in the header
protocol type in the header
39. Which switching method uses the CRC value in a frame?
cut-through
fast-forward
fragment-free
store-and-forward*
Explanation: When the store-and-forward switching method is used, the switch receives the complete frame before forwarding it on to the destination. The cyclic redundancy check (CRC) part of the trailer is used to determine if the frame has been modified during transit.​​ In contrast, a cut-through switch forwards the frame once the destination Layer 2 address is read. Two types of cut-through switching methods are fast-forward and fragment-free.
40. What are two actions performed by a Cisco switch? (Choose two.)
building a routing table that is based on the first IP address in the frame header
using the source MAC addresses of frames to build and maintain a MAC address table*
forwarding frames with unknown destination IP addresses to the default gateway
utilizing the MAC address table to forward frames via the destination MAC address*
examining the destination MAC address to add new entries to the MAC address table
Explanation: Important actions that a switch performs are as follows:
When a frame comes in, the switch examines the Layer 2 source address to build and maintain the Layer 2 MAC address table.
It examines the Layer 2 destination address to determine how to forward the frame. When the destination address is in the MAC address table, then the frame is sent out a particular port. When the address is unknown, the frame is sent to all ports that have devices connected to that network.
41. Which two statements describe features or functions of the logical link control sublayer in Ethernet standards? (Choose two.)
Logical link control is implemented in software.*
Logical link control is specified in the IEEE 802.3 standard.
The LLC sublayer adds a header and a trailer to the data.
The data link layer uses LLC to communicate with the upper layers of the protocol suite.*
The LLC sublayer is responsible for the placement and retrieval of frames on and off the media.
Explanation: Logical link control is implemented in software and enables the data link layer to communicate with the upper layers of the protocol suite. Logical link control is specified in the IEEE 802.2 standard. IEEE 802.3 is a suite of standards that define the different Ethernet types. The MAC (Media Access Control) sublayer is responsible for the placement and retrieval of frames on and off the media. The MAC sublayer is also responsible for adding a header and a trailer to the network layer protocol data unit (PDU).
42. What is the auto-MDIX feature?
It enables a device to automatically configure an interface to use a straight-through or a crossover cable.*
It enables a device to automatically configure the duplex settings of a segment.
It enables a device to automatically configure the speed of its interface.
It enables a switch to dynamically select the forwarding method.
43. What is one advantage of using the cut-through switching method instead of the store-and-forward switching method?
has a positive impact on bandwidth by dropping most of the invalid frames
makes a fast forwarding decision based on the source MAC address of the frame
has a lower latency appropriate for high-performance computing applications​*
provides the flexibility to support any mix of Ethernet speeds
Explanation: Cut-through switching provides lower latency switching for high-performance computing (HPC) applications. Cut-through switching allows more invalid frames to cross the network than store-and-forward switching. The cut-through switching method can make a forwarding decision as soon as it looks up the destination MAC address of the frame.
44. Which is a multicast MAC address?
FF-FF-FF-FF-FF-FF
5C-26-0A-4B-19-3E
01-00-5E-00-00-03*
00-26-0F-4B-00-3E
45. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 4 – 7 Exam Answers p45
What is wrong with the displayed termination?
The woven copper braid should not have been removed.
The wrong type of connector is being used.
The untwisted length of each wire is too long.*
The wires are too thick for the connector that is used.
Explanation: When a cable to an RJ-45 connector is terminated, it is important to ensure that the untwisted wires are not too long and that the flexible plastic sheath surrounding the wires is crimped down and not the bare wires. None of the colored wires should be visible from the bottom of the jack.
46. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 4 – 7 Exam Answers p46
The PC is connected to the console port of the switch. All the other connections are made through FastEthernet links. Which types of UTP cables can be used to connect the devices?​
1 – rollover, 2 – crossover, 3 – straight-through
1 – rollover, 2 – straight-through, 3 – crossover*
1 – crossover, 2 – straight-through, 3 – rollover
1 – crossover, 2 – rollover, 3 – straight-through
Explanation: A straight-through cable is commonly used to interconnect a host to a switch and a switch to a router. A crossover cable is used to interconnect similar devices together like switch to a switch, a host to a host, or a router to a router. If a switch has the MDIX capability, a crossover could be used to connect the switch to the router; however, that option is not available. A rollover cable is used to connect to a router or switch console port.
47. Open the PT Activity. Perform the tasks in the activity instructions and then answer the question.
Which port does Switch0 use to send frames to the host with the IPv4 address 10.1.1.5?
Fa0/1
Fa0/5
Fa0/9
Fa0/11*
Explanation: Issuing the command ipconfig /all from the PC0 command prompt displays the IPv4 address and MAC address. When the IPv4 address 10.1.1.5 is pinged from PC0, the switch stores the source MAC address (from PC0) along with the port to which PC0 is connected. When the destination reply is received, the switch takes the destination MAC address and compares to MAC addresses stored in the MAC address table. Issuing the show mac-address-table on the PC0 Terminal application displays two dynamic MAC address entries. The MAC address and port entry that does not belong to PC0 must be the MAC address and port of the destination with the IPv4 address 10.1.1.5.
48. What does the term “attenuation” mean in data communication?
loss of signal strength as distance increases*
time for a signal to reach its destination
leakage of signals from one cable pair to another
strengthening of a signal by a networking device
Explanation: Data is transmitted on copper cables as electrical pulses. A detector in the network interface of a destination device must receive a signal that can be successfully decoded to match the signal sent. However, the farther the signal travels, the more it deteriorates. This is referred to as signal attenuation.
49. What makes fiber preferable to copper cabling for interconnecting buildings? (Choose three.)
greater distances per cable run*
lower installation cost
limited susceptibility to EMI/RFI*
durable connections
greater bandwidth potential*
easily terminated
Explanation: Optical fiber cable transmits data over longer distances and at higher bandwidths than any other networking media. Unlike copper wires, fiber-optic cable can transmit signals with less attenuation and is completely immune to EMI and RFI.
50. What OSI physical layer term describes the process by which one wave modifies another wave?
Modulation*
IEEE
EIA/TIA
air
51. What OSI physical layer term describes the capacity at which a medium can carry data?
Bandwidth*
IEEE
EIA/TIA
air
52. What OSI physical layer term describes the capacity at which a medium can carry data?
Bandwidth*
throughput
latency
goodput
53. What OSI physical layer term describes the measure of the transfer of bits across a medium over a given period of time?
Throughput*
bandwidth
latency
goodput
54. What OSI physical layer term describes the amount of time, including delays, for data to travel from one point to another?
Latency*
bandwidth
throughput
goodput
55. What OSI physical layer term describes the amount of time, including delays, for data to travel from one point to another?
Latency*
fiber-optic cable
air
copper cable
56. What OSI physical layer term describes the measure of usable data transferred over a given period of time?
Goodput*
fiber-optic cable
air
copper cable
57. What OSI physical layer term describes the physical medium which uses electrical pulses?
copper cable*
fiber-optic cable
air
goodput
58. What OSI physical layer term describes the physical medium that uses the propagation of light?
fiber-optic cable*
goodput
latency
throughput
59. What OSI physical layer term describes the physical medium for microwave transmissions?
Air*
goodput
latency
throughput
60. Which two functions are performed at the MAC sublayer of the OSI data link layer? (Choose two.)
Implements a trailer to detect transmission errors.*
Controls the NIC responsible for sending and receiving data on the physical medium.*
Places information in the frame that identifies which network layer protocol is being used for the frame.
Adds Layer 2 control information to network protocol data.
Enables IPv4 and IPv6 to utilize the same network interface and media.
61. Which two functions are performed at the LLC sublayer of the OSI data link layer? (Choose two.)
Enables IPv4 and IPv6 to utilize the same network interface and media.*
Places information in the frame that identifies which network layer protocol is being used for the frame.*
Integrates various physical technologies.
Implements a process to delimit fields within a Layer 2 frame.
Controls the NIC responsible for sending and receiving data on the physical medium.
62. Which two functions are performed at the MAC sublayer of the OSI data link layer? (Choose two.)
Provides a mechanism to allow multiple devices to communicate over a shared medium.*
Controls the NIC responsible for sending and receiving data on the physical medium.*
Places information in the frame that identifies which network layer protocol is being used for the frame.
Adds Layer 2 control information to network protocol data.
Communicates between the networking software at the upper layers and the device hardware at the lower layers.
63. Which two functions are performed at the MAC sublayer of the OSI data link layer? (Choose two.)
Controls the NIC responsible for sending and receiving data on the physical medium.*
Integrates various physical technologies.*
Communicates between the networking software at the upper layers and the device hardware at the lower layers.
Adds Layer 2 control information to network protocol data.
Places information in the frame that identifies which network layer protocol is being used for the frame.
64. Which two functions are performed at the LLC sublayer of the OSI data link layer? (Choose two.)
Adds Layer 2 control information to network protocol data.*
Places information in the frame that identifies which network layer protocol is being used for the frame.*
Performs data encapsulation.
Controls the NIC responsible for sending and receiving data on the physical medium.
Integrates various physical technologies.
65. Which two functions are performed at the MAC sublayer of the OSI data link layer? (Choose two.)
Provides synchronization between source and target nodes.*
Integrates various physical technologies.*
Communicates between the networking software at the upper layers and the device hardware at the lower layers.
Adds Layer 2 control information to network protocol data.
Enables IPv4 and IPv6 to utilize the same network interface and media.
66. Which two functions are performed at the LLC sublayer of the OSI data link layer? (Choose two.)
Adds Layer 2 control information to network protocol data.*
Enables IPv4 and IPv6 to utilize the same network interface and media.*
Provides data link layer addressing.
Implements a trailer to detect transmission errors.
Provides synchronization between source and target nodes.
67. Which two functions are performed at the MAC sublayer of the OSI data link layer? (Choose two.)
Implements a trailer to detect transmission errors.*
Provides synchronization between source and target nodes.*
Places information in the frame that identifies which network layer protocol is being used for the frame.
Enables IPv4 and IPv6 to utilize the same network interface and media.
Adds Layer 2 control information to network protocol data.
68. Which two functions are performed at the LLC sublayer of the OSI data link layer? (Choose two.)
Enables IPv4 and IPv6 to utilize the same network interface and media.*
Adds Layer 2 control information to network protocol data.*
Integrates various physical technologies.
Implements a trailer to detect transmission errors.
Provides synchronization between source and target nodes.
69. Which two functions are performed at the MAC sublayer of the OSI data link layer? (Choose two.)
Provides a mechanism to allow multiple devices to communicate over a shared medium.*
Controls the NIC responsible for sending and receiving data on the physical medium.*
Places information in the frame that identifies which network layer protocol is being used for the frame.
Adds Layer 2 control information to network protocol data.
Enables IPv4 and IPv6 to utilize the same network interface and media.
70. What action will occur if a switch receives a frame and does have the source MAC address in the MAC table?
The switch refreshes the timer on that entry.*
The switch shares the MAC address table entry with any connected switches.
The switch does not forward the frame.
The switch sends the frame to a connected router because the destination MAC address is not local.
71. What action will occur if a switch receives a frame with the destination MAC address FF:FF:FF:FF:FF:FF?
The switch forwards it out all ports except the ingress port.*
The switch shares the MAC address table entry with any connected switches.
The switch does not forward the frame.
The switch sends the frame to a connected router because the destination MAC address is not local.
72. What action will occur if a host receives a frame with a destination MAC address it does not recognize?
The host will discard the frame.*
The host sends the frame to the switch to update the MAC address table.
The host forwards the frame to the router.
The host forwards the frame to all other hosts.
73. What action will occur if a switch receives a frame with the destination MAC address 01:00:5E:00:00:D9?
The switch forwards it out all ports except the ingress port.*
The switch does not forward the frame.
The switch sends the frame to a connected router because the destination MAC address is not local.
The switch shares the MAC address table entry with any connected switches.
74. What action will occur if a host receives a frame with a destination MAC address of FF:FF:FF:FF:FF:FF?
The host will process the frame.*
The host forwards the frame to the router.
The host sends the frame to the switch to update the MAC address table.
The host forwards the frame to all other hosts.
75. What action will occur if a switch receives a frame and does have the source MAC address in the MAC table?
The switch refreshes the timer on that entry.*
The switch adds it to its MAC address table associated with the port number.
The switch forwards the frame to the associated port.
The switch sends the frame to a connected router because the destination MAC address is not local.
76. What action will occur if a host receives a frame with a destination MAC address of FF:FF:FF:FF:FF:FF?
The host will process the frame.*
The host returns the frame to the switch.
The host replies to the switch with its own IP address.
The host forwards the frame to all other hosts.
77. What action will occur if a switch receives a frame and does have the source MAC address in the MAC table?
The switch refreshes the timer on that entry.*
The switch shares the MAC address table entry with any connected switches.
The switch does not forward the frame.
The switch adds it to its MAC address table associated with the port number.
78. What action will occur if a host receives a frame with a destination MAC address it does not recognize?
The host will discard the frame.*
The host replies to the switch with its own IP address.
The host forwards the frame to all other hosts.
The host returns the frame to the switch.
79. What action will occur if a switch receives a frame with the destination MAC address FF:FF:FF:FF:FF:FF?
The switch forwards it out all ports except the ingress port.*
The switch refreshes the timer on that entry.
The switch does not forward the frame.
The switch sends the frame to a connected router because the destination MAC address is not local.
Modules 4 – 7: Ethernet Concepts Exam Answers (Additional)
1. What is the purpose of the OSI physical layer?
controlling access to media
transmitting bits across the local media*
performing error detection on received frames
exchanging frames between nodes over physical network media
2. Why are two strands of fiber used for a single fiber optic connection?
The two strands allow the data to travel for longer distances without degrading.
They prevent crosstalk from causing interference on the connection.
They increase the speed at which the data can travel.
They allow for full-duplex connectivity.*
3. Which characteristic describes crosstalk?
the distortion of the network signal from fluorescent lighting
the distortion of the transmitted messages from signals carried in adjacent wires*
the weakening of the network signal over long cable lengths
the loss of wireless signal over excessive distance from the access point
4. Which procedure is used to reduce the effect of crosstalk in copper cables?
requiring proper grounding connections
twisting opposing circuit wire pairs together*
wrapping the bundle of wires with metallic shielding
designing a cable infrastructure to avoid crosstalk interference
avoiding sharp bends during installation
5. Which type of UTP cable is used to connect a PC to a switch port?
console
rollover
crossover
straight-through*
6. What is the definition of bandwidth?
the measure of the transfer of bits across the media over a given period of time
the speed at which bits travel on the network
the amount of data that can flow from one place to another in a given amount of time*
the measure of usable data transferred over a given period of time
7. Which statement correctly describes frame encoding?
It uses the characteristic of one wave to modify another wave.
It transmits data signals along with a clock signal which occurs at evenly spaced time durations.
It generates the electrical, optical, or wireless signals that represent the binary numbers of the frame.
It converts bits into a predefined code in order to provide a predictable pattern to help distinguish data bits from control bits.*
8. What is a characteristic of UTP cabling?
Cancellation*
cladding
immunity to electrical hazards
woven copper braid or metallic foil
9. A wireless LAN is being deployed inside the new one room office that is occupied by the park ranger. The office is located at the highest part of the national park. After network testing is complete, the technicians report that the wireless LAN signal is occasionally affected by some type of interference. What are two possible causes of the signal distortion? (Choose two.)
the microwave oven*
the large number of trees that surround the office
the cellular phones that are used by the employees*
the elevated location where the wireless LAN was installed
the number of wireless devices that are used in the wireless LAN
10. What is indicated by the term throughput?
the guaranteed data transfer rate offered by an ISP
the capacity of a particular medium to carry data
the measure of the usable data transferred across the media
the measure of the bits transferred across the media over a given period of time*
the time it takes for a message to get from sender to receiver
11. What is one advantage of using fiber optic cabling rather than copper cabling?
It is usually cheaper than copper cabling.
It is able to be installed around sharp bends.
It is easier to terminate and install than copper cabling.
It is able to carry signals much farther than copper cabling.*
12. Which standards organization oversees development of wireless LAN standards?
IANA
IEEE*
ISO
TIA
13. A network administrator is designing a new network infrastructure that includes both wired and wireless connectivity. Under which situation would a wireless connection be recommended?
The end-user device only has an Ethernet NIC.
The end-user device requires a dedicated connection because of performance requirements.
The end-user device needs mobility when connecting to the network.*
The end-user device area has a high concentration of RFI.
14. A network administrator is troubleshooting connectivity issues on a server. Using a tester, the administrator notices that the signals generated by the server NIC are distorted and not usable. In which layer of the OSI model is the error categorized?
presentation layer
network layer
physical layer*
data link layer
15. What type of cable is used to connect a workstation serial port to a Cisco router console port?
crossover
rollover*
straight-through
coaxial
16. What is the binary representation for the decimal number 173?
10100111
10100101
10101101*
10110101
17. Given the binary address of 11101100 00010001 00001100 00001010, which address does this represent in dotted decimal format?
234.17.10.9
234.16.12.10
236.17.12.6
236.17.12.10*
18. How many binary bits exist within an IPv6 address?
32
48
64
128*
256
19. What is the binary equivalent of the decimal number 232?
11101000*
11000110
10011000
11110010
20. Which two statements are correct about IPv4 and IPv6 addresses? (Choose two.)
IPv6 addresses are represented by hexadecimal numbers.*
IPv4 addresses are represented by hexadecimal numbers.
IPv6 addresses are 32 bits in length.
IPv4 addresses are 32 bits in length.*
IPv4 addresses are 128 bits in length.
IPv6 addresses are 64 bits in length.
21. Which IPv4 address format was created for ease of use by people and is expressed as 201.192.1.14?
binary
dotted decimal*
hexadecimal
ASCII
22. What is the dotted decimal representation of the IPv4 address 11001011.00000000.01110001.11010011?
192.0.2.199
198.51.100.201
203.0.113.211*
209.165.201.223
23. What is the decimal equivalent of the binary number 10010101?
149*
157
168
192
24. What is the decimal equivalent of the hex number 0x3F?
63*
77
87
93
25. What is the dotted decimal representation of the IPv4 address which is represented as the binary string 00001010.01100100.00010101.00000001?
10.100.21.1*
10.10.20.1
100.10.11.1
100.21.10.1
26. What is the decimal equivalent of 0xC9?
185
200
201*
199
27. Which is a valid hexadecimal number?
F*
g
h
j
28. What is the binary representation of 0xCA?
10111010
11010101
11001010*
11011010
29. How many bits are in an IPv4 address?
32*
64
128
256
30. What identifier is used at the data link layer to uniquely identify an Ethernet device?
IP address
MAC address*
sequence number
TCP port number
UDP port number
31. Which two engineering organizations define open standards and protocols that apply to the data link layer? (Choose two.)
International Organization for Standardization (ISO)*
Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA)
International Telecommunication Union (ITU)*
Electronic Industries Alliance (EIA)
Internet Society (ISOC)
32. Which layer of the OSI model is responsible for specifying the encapsulation method used for specific types of media?
application
transport
data link*
physical
33. What is true concerning physical and logical topologies?
The logical topology is always the same as the physical topology.
Physical topologies are concerned with how a network transfers frames.
Physical topologies display the IP addressing scheme of each network.
Logical topologies refer to how a network transfers data between devices.*
34. What type of physical topology can be created by connecting all Ethernet cables to a central device?
bus
ring
star*
mesh
35. A technician has been asked to develop a physical topology for a network that provides a high level of redundancy. Which physical topology requires that every node is attached to every other node on the network?
bus
hierarchical
mesh*
ring
star
36. Which statement describes the half-duplex mode of data transmission?
Data that is transmitted over the network can only flow in one direction.
Data that is transmitted over the network flows in one direction at a time.*
Data that is transmitted over the network flows in one direction to many different destinations simultaneously.
Data that is transmitted over the network flows in both directions at the same time.
37. Which is a function of the Logical Link Control (LLC) sublayer?
to define the media access processes that are performed by the hardware
to provide data link layer addressing
to identify which network layer protocol is being used*
to accept segments and package them into data units that are called packets
38. Which data link layer media access control method does Ethernet use?
CSMA/CD*
determinism
turn taking
token passing
39. What are the two sublayers of the OSI model data link layer? (Choose two.)
internet
physical
LLC*
transport
MAC*
network access
40. What method is used to manage contention-based access on a wireless network?
CSMA/CD
priority ordering
CSMA/CA*
token passing
41. What are two services performed by the data link layer of the OSI model? (Choose two.)
It encrypts data packets.
It determines the path to forward packets.
It accepts Layer 3 packets and encapsulates them into frames.*
It provides media access control and performs error detection.*
It monitors the Layer 2 communication by building a MAC address table.
42. What does a router do after de-encapsulating a received frame?
determines the best path*
de-encapsulates the frame
re-encapsulates the packet into a new frame
forwards the new frame onto the network medium
43. What attribute of a NIC would place it at the data link layer of the OSI model?
attached Ethernet cable
IP address
MAC address*
RJ-45 port
TCP/IP protocol stack
44. Although CSMA/CD is still a feature of Ethernet, why is it no longer necessary?
the virtually unlimited availability of IPv6 addresses
the use of CSMA/CA
the use of full-duplex capable Layer 2 switches*
the development of half-duplex switch operation
the use of Gigabit Ethernet speeds
45. Which network device makes forwarding decisions based on the destination MAC address that is contained in the frame?
repeater
hub
switch*
router
46. Which network device has the primary function to send data to a specific destination based on the information found in the MAC address table?
hub
router
switch*
modem
47. Which function or operation is performed by the LLC sublayer?
It performs data encapsulation.
It communicates with upper protocol layers.*
It is responsible for media access control.
It adds a header and trailer to a packet to form an OSI Layer 2 PDU.
48. Which statement is true about MAC addresses?
MAC addresses are implemented by software.
A NIC only needs a MAC address if connected to a WAN.
The first three bytes are used by the vendor assigned OUI.*
The ISO is responsible for MAC addresses regulations.
49. What happens to runt frames received by a Cisco Ethernet switch?
The frame is dropped.*
The frame is returned to the originating network device.
The frame is broadcast to all other devices on the same network.
The frame is sent to the default gateway.
50. What are the two sizes (minimum and maximum) of an Ethernet frame? (Choose two.)
56 bytes
64 bytes*
128 bytes
1024 bytes
1518 bytes*
51. What addressing information is recorded by a switch to build its MAC address table?
the destination Layer 3 address of incoming packets
the destination Layer 2 address of outgoing frames
the source Layer 3 address of outgoing packets
the source Layer 2 address of incoming frames*
52. Which two characteristics describe Ethernet technology? (Choose two.)
It is supported by IEEE 802.3 standards.*
It is supported by IEEE 802.5 standards.
It typically uses an average of 16 Mb/s for data transfer rates.
It uses the CSMA/CD access control method.*
It uses a ring topology.
53. What statement describes a characteristic of MAC addresses?
They must be globally unique.*
They are only routable within the private network.
They are added as part of a Layer 3 PDU.
They have a 32-bit binary value.
54. What is the special value assigned to the first 24 bits of a multicast MAC address?
01-5E-00
FF-00-5E
FF-FF-FF
01-00-5E*
55. What will a host on an Ethernet network do if it receives a frame with a destination MAC address that does not match its own MAC address?
It will discard the frame.*
It will forward the frame to the next host.
It will remove the frame from the media.
It will strip off the data-link frame to check the destination IP address.
56. What is auto-MDIX?
a type of Cisco switch
an Ethernet connector type
a type of port on a Cisco switch
a feature that detects Ethernet cable typ​e*
57. Which two functions or operations are performed by the MAC sublayer? (Choose two.)
It is responsible for Media Access Control.*
It performs the function of NIC driver software.
It adds a header and trailer to form an OSI Layer 2 PDU.*
It handles communication between upper and lower layers.
It adds control information to network protocol layer data.
58. What type of address is 01-00-5E-0A-00-02?
an address that reaches every host inside a local subnet
an address that reaches one specific host
an address that reaches every host in the network
an address that reaches a specific group of hosts*
HOME
CCNA 1 V7.0
CCNA 1 V7 Modules 8 – 10 Free Exam Answers
CCNA 1 V7.0
CCNA 1 v7 Modules 8 – 10 Free Exam Answers
 CCNAv7 December 30, 2019
CCNA 1 v7 Modules 8 – 10: Communicating Between Networks Exam Answers
1. Which information is used by routers to forward a data packet toward its destination?
source IP address
destination IP address*
source data-link address
destination data-link address
2. A computer has to send a packet to a destination host in the same LAN. How will the packet be sent?
The packet will be sent to the default gateway first, and then, depending on the response from the gateway, it may be sent to the destination host.
The packet will be sent directly to the destination host.*
The packet will first be sent to the default gateway, and then from the default gateway it will be sent directly to the destination host.
The packet will be sent only to the default gateway.
3. A router receives a packet from the Gigabit 0/0 interface and determines that the packet needs to be forwarded out the Gigabit 0/1 interface. What
will the router do next?
route the packet out the Gigabit 0/1 interface
create a new Layer 2 Ethernet frame to be sent to the destination*
look into the ARP cache to determine the destination IP address
look into the routing table to determine if the destination network is in the routing table
4. Which IPv4 address can a host use to ping the loopback interface?
126.0.0.1
127.0.0.0
126.0.0.0
127.0.0.1*
5. A computer can access devices on the same network but cannot access devices on other networks. What is the probable cause of this problem?
The cable is not connected properly to the NIC.
The computer has an invalid IP address.
The computer has an incorrect subnet mask.
The computer has an invalid default gateway address.*
6. Which statement describes a feature of the IP protocol?
IP encapsulation is modified based on network media.
IP relies on Layer 2 protocols for transmission error control.
MAC addresses are used during the IP packet encapsulation.
IP relies on upper layer services to handle situations of missing or out-of-order packets.*
Explanation: IP protocol is a connection-less protocol, considered unreliable in terms of end-to-end delivery. It does not provide error control in the cases where receiving packets are out-of-order or in cases of missing packets. It relies on upper layer services, such as TCP, to resolve these issues.
7. Why is NAT not needed in IPv6?​
Because IPv6 has integrated security, there is no need to hide the IPv6 addresses of internal networks.​
Any host or user can get a public IPv6 network address because the number of available IPv6 addresses is extremely large.​*
The problems that are induced by NAT applications are solved because the IPv6 header improves packet handling by intermediate routers.​
The end-to-end connectivity problems that are caused by NAT are solved because the number of routes increases with the number of nodes that are connected to the Internet.
8. Which parameter does the router use to choose the path to the destination when there are multiple routes available?
the lower metric value that is associated with the destination network*
the lower gateway IP address to get to the destination network
the higher metric value that is associated with the destination network
the higher gateway IP address to get to the destination network
9. What are two services provided by the OSI network layer? (Choose two.)
performing error detection
routing packets toward the destination*
encapsulating PDUs from the transport layer*
placement of frames on the media
collision detection
Explanation: The OSI network layer provides several services to allow communication between devices:
addressing
encapsulation
routing
de-encapsulation
Error detection, placing frames on the media, and collision detection are all functions of the data ink layer.
10. Within a production network, what is the purpose of configuring a switch with a default gateway address?
Hosts that are connected to the switch can use the switch default gateway address to forward packets to a remote destination.
A switch must have a default gateway to be accessible by Telnet and SSH.
The default gateway address is used to forward packets originating from the switch to remote networks.*
It provides a next-hop address for all traffic that flows through the switch.
Explanation: A default gateway address allows a switch to forward packets that originate on the switch to remote networks. A default gateway address on a switch does not provide Layer 3 routing for PCs that are connected on that switch. A switch can still be accessible from Telnet as long as the source of the Telnet connection is on the local network.
11. What is a basic characteristic of the IP protocol?
Connectionless*
media dependent
user data segmentation
reliable end-to-end delivery
Explanation: Internet Protocol (IP) is a network layer protocol that does not require initial exchange of control information to establish an end-to-end connection before packets are forwarded. Thus, IP is connectionless and does not provide reliable end-to-end delivery by itself. IP is media independent. User data segmentation is a service provided at the transport layer.
12. Which field in the IPv4 header is used to prevent a packet from traversing a network endlessly?
Time-to-Live*
Sequence Number
Acknowledgment Number
Differentiated Services
Explanation: The value of the Time-to-Live (TTL) field in the IPv4 header is used to limit the lifetime of a packet. The sending host sets the initial TTL value; which is decreased by one each time the packet is processed by a router. If the TTL field decrements to zero, the router discards the packet and sends an Internet Control Message Protocol (ICMP) Time Exceeded message to the source IP address. The Differentiated Services (DS) field is used to determine the priority of each packet. Sequence Number and Acknowledgment Number are two fields in the TCP header.
13. What is one advantage that the IPv6 simplified header offers over IPv4?
smaller-sized header
little requirement for processing checksums
smaller-sized source and destination IP addresses
efficient packet handling*
Explanation: The IPv6 simplified header offers several advantages over IPv4:
Better routing efficiency and efficient packet handling for performance and forwarding-rate scalability
No requirement for processing checksums
Simplified and more efficient extension header mechanisms (as opposed to the IPv4 Options field)
A Flow Label field for per-flow processing with no need to open the transport inner packet to identify the various traffic flows
14. What IPv4 header field identifies the upper layer protocol carried in the packet?
Protocol*
Identification
Version
Differentiated Services
Explanation: It is the Protocol field in the IP header that identifies the upper-layer protocol the packet is carrying. The Version field identifies the IP version. The Differential Services field is used for setting packet priority. The Identification field is used to reorder fragmented packets.
15. Refer to the exhibit. Match the packets with their destination IP address to the exiting interfaces on the router. (Not all targets are used.)

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 8 – 10 Exam Answers p15-1

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 8 – 10 Exam Answers p15-2
Explanation: Packets with a destination of 172.17.6.15 are forwarded through Fa0/0. Packets with a destination of 172.17.10.5 are forwarded through Fa1/1. Packets with a destination of 172.17.12.10 are forwarded through Fa1/0. Packets with a destination of 172.17.14.8 are forwarded through Fa0/1. Because network 172.17.8.0 has no entry in the routing table, it will take the gateway of last resort, which means that packets with a destination of 172.17.8.20 are forwarded through Serial0/0/0. Because a gateway of last resort exists, no packets will be dropped.
16. What information does the loopback test provide?
The TCP/IP stack on the device is working correctly.*
The device has end-to-end connectivity.
DHCP is working correctly.
The Ethernet cable is working correctly.
The device has the correct IP address on the network.
17. What routing table entry has a next hop address associated with a destination network?
directly-connected routes
local routes
remote routes*
C and L source routes
18. How do hosts ensure that their packets are directed to the correct network destination?
They have to keep their own local routing table that contains a route to the loopback interface, a local network route, and a remote default route.​*
They always direct their packets to the default gateway, which will be responsible for the packet delivery.
They search in their own local routing table for a route to the network destination address and pass this information to the default gateway.
They send a query packet to the default gateway asking for the best route.
19. When transporting data from real-time applications, such as streaming audio and video, which field in the IPv6 header can be used to inform the routers and switches to maintain the same path for the packets in the same conversation?
Next Header
Flow Label*
Traffic Class
Differentiated Services
Explanation: The Flow Label in IPv6 header is a 20-bit field that provides a special service for real-time applications. This field can be used to inform routers and switches to maintain the same path for the packet flow so that packets will not be reordered.
20. What statement describes the function of the Address Resolution Protocol?
ARP is used to discover the IP address of any host on a different network.
ARP is used to discover the IP address of any host on the local network.
ARP is used to discover the MAC address of any host on a different network.
ARP is used to discover the MAC address of any host on the local network.*
21. Under which two circumstances will a switch flood a frame out of every port except the port that the frame was received on? (Choose two.)
The frame has the broadcast address as the destination address.*
The destination address is unknown to the switch.*
The source address in the frame header is the broadcast address.
The source address in the frame is a multicast address.
The destination address in the frame is a known unicast address.
Explanation: A switch will flood a frame out of every port, except the one that the frame was received from, under two circumstances. Either the frame has the broadcast address as the destination address, or the destination address is unknown to the switch.
22. Which statement describes the treatment of ARP requests on the local link?
They must be forwarded by all routers on the local network.
They are received and processed by every device on the local network.*
They are dropped by all switches on the local network.
They are received and processed only by the target device.
Explanation: One of the negative issues with ARP requests is that they are sent as a broadcast. This means all devices on the local link must receive and process the request.
23. Which destination address is used in an ARP request frame?
0.0.0.0
255.255.255.255
FFFF.FFFF.FFFF*
AAAA.AAAA.AAAA
the physical address of the destination host
Explanation: The purpose of an ARP request is to find the MAC address of the destination host on an Ethernet LAN. The ARP process sends a Layer 2 broadcast to all devices on the Ethernet LAN. The frame contains the IP address of the destination and the broadcast MAC address, FFFF.FFFF.FFFF. The host with the IP address that matches the IP address in the ARP request will reply with a unicast frame that includes the MAC address of the host. Thus the original sending host will obtain the destination IP and MAC address pair to continue the encapsulation process for data transmission.
24. A network technician issues the arp -d * command on a PC after the router that is connected to the LAN is reconfigured. What is the result after this command is issued?
The ARP cache is cleared.*
The current content of the ARP cache is displayed.
The detailed information of the ARP cache is displayed.
The ARP cache is synchronized with the router interface.
Explanation: Issuing the arp –d * command on a PC will clear the ARP cache content. This is helpful when a network technician wants to ensure the cache is populated with updated information.
25. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 8 – 10 Exam Answers p25
The exhibit shows a small switched network and the contents of the MAC address table of the switch. PC1 has sent a frame addressed to PC3. What will the switch do with the frame?
The switch will discard the frame.
The switch will forward the frame only to port 2.
The switch will forward the frame to all ports except port 4.*
The switch will forward the frame to all ports.
The switch will forward the frame only to ports 1 and 3.
Explanation: The MAC address of PC3 is not present in the MAC table of the switch. Because the switch does not know where to send the frame that is addressed to PC3, it will forward the frame to all the switch ports, except for port 4, which is the incoming port.
26. Which two types of IPv6 messages are used in place of ARP for address resolution?
anycast
broadcast
echo reply
echo request
neighbor solicitation*
neighbor advertisement*
Explanation: IPv6 does not use ARP. Instead, ICMPv6 neighbor discovery is used by sending neighbor solicitation and neighbor advertisement messages.
27. What is the aim of an ARP spoofing attack?
to flood the network with ARP reply broadcasts
to fill switch MAC address tables with bogus addresses
to associate IP addresses to the wrong MAC address*
to overwhelm network hosts with ARP requests
28. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 8 – 10 Exam Answers p28
PC1 attempts to connect to File_server1 and sends an ARP request to obtain a destination MAC address. Which MAC address will PC1 receive in the ARP reply?
the MAC address of S1
the MAC address of the G0/0 interface on R1*
the MAC address of the G0/0 interface on R2
the MAC address of S2
the MAC address of File_server1
29. Where are IPv4 address to Layer 2 Ethernet address mappings maintained on a host computer?
neighbor table
ARP cache*
routing table
MAC address table
30. What important information is examined in the Ethernet frame header by a Layer 2 device in order to forward the data onward?
source MAC address
source IP address
destination MAC address*
Ethernet type
destination IP address
Explanation: The Layer 2 device, such as a switch, uses the destination MAC address to determine which path (interface or port) should be used to send the data onward to the destination device.
31. Match the commands to the correct actions. (Not all options are used.)

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 8 – 10 Exam Answers p31
32. A new network administrator has been asked to enter a banner message on a Cisco device. What is the fastest way a network administrator could test whether the banner is properly configured?
Reboot the device.
Enter CTRL-Z at the privileged mode prompt.
Exit global configuration mode.
Power cycle the device.
Exit privileged EXEC mode and press Enter.*
Explanation: While at the privileged mode prompt such as Router#, type exit,press Enter, and the banner message appears. Power cycling a network device that has had the banner motd command issued will also display the banner message, but this is not a quick way to test the configuration.
33. A network administrator requires access to manage routers and switches locally and remotely. Match the description to the access method. (Not all options are used.)

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 8 – 10 Exam Answers p33
Explanation: Both the console and AUX ports can be used to directly connect to a Cisco network device for management purposes. However, it is more common to use the console port. The AUX port is more often used for remote access via a dial up connection. SSH and Telnet are both remote access methods that depend on an active network connection. SSH uses a stronger password authentication than Telnet uses and also uses encryption on transmitted data.
34. Match the phases to the functions during the boot up process of a Cisco router. (Not all options are used.)

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 8 – 10 Exam Answers p34
Explanation: There are three major phases to the bootup process of a Cisco router:
1. Perform the POST and load the bootstrap program.
2. Locate and load the Cisco IOS software.
3. Locate and load the startup configuration file
If a startup configuration file cannot be located, the router will enter setup mode by displaying the setup mode prompt.
35. Match the command with the device mode at which the command is entered. (Not all options are used.)

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 8 – 10 Exam Answers p35
Explanation: The enable command is entered in R1> mode. The login command is entered in R1(config-line)# mode. The copy running-config startup-config command is entered in R1# mode. The ip address 192.168.4.4 255.255.255.0 command is entered in R1(config-if)# mode. The service password-encryption command is entered in global configuration mode.
36. What are two functions of NVRAM? (Choose two.)
to store the routing table
to retain contents when power is removed*
to store the startup configuration file*
to contain the running configuration file
to store the ARP table
Explanation: NVRAM is permanent memory storage, so the startup configuration file is preserved even if the router loses power.
37. A router boots and enters setup mode. What is the reason for this?
The IOS image is corrupt.
Cisco IOS is missing from flash memory.
The configuration file is missing from NVRAM.*
The POST process has detected hardware failure.
38. The global configuration command ip default-gateway 172.16.100.1 is applied to a switch. What is the effect of this command?
The switch will have a management interface with the address 172.16.100.1.
The switch can be remotely managed from a host on another network.*
The switch can communicate with other hosts on the 172.16.100.0 network.
The switch is limited to sending and receiving frames to and from the gateway 172.16.100.1.
Explanation: A default gateway address is typically configured on all devices to allow them to communicate beyond just their local network.In a switch this is achieved using the command ip default-gateway .
39. What happens when the transport input ssh command is entered on the switch vty lines?
The SSH client on the switch is enabled.
Communication between the switch and remote users is encrypted.*
The switch requires a username/password combination for remote access.
The switch requires remote connections via a proprietary client software.
Explanation: The transport input ssh command when entered on the switch vty (virtual terminal lines) will encrypt all inbound controlled telnet connections.
40. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 8 – 10 Exam Answers p40
A user PC has successfully transmitted packets to www.cisco.com. Which IP address does the user PC target in order to forward its data off the local network?
172.24.255.17
172.24.1.22
172.20.0.254*
172.24.255.4
172.20.1.18
41. Match the configuration mode with the command that is available in that mode. (Not all options are used.)

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 8 – 10 Exam Answers p41
Explanation: The enable command is entered at the R1> prompt. The login command is entered at the R1(config-line)# prompt. The copy running-config startup-config command is entered at the R1# prompt. The interface fastethernet 0/0 command is entered at the R1(config)# prompt.
42. Which three commands are used to set up secure access to a router through a connection to the console interface? (Choose three.)
interface fastethernet 0/0
line vty 0 4
line console 0*
enable secret cisco
login*
password cisco*
Explanation: The three commands needed to password protect the console port are as follows:
line console 0
password cisco
login
The interface fastethernet 0/0 command is commonly used to access the configuration mode used to apply specific parameters such as the IP address to the Fa0/0 port. The line vty 0 4 command is used to access the configuration mode for Telnet. The0and 4 parameters specify ports 0 through 4, or a maximum of five simultaneous Telnet connections. The enable secret command is used to apply a password used on the router to access the privileged mode.
43. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 8 – 10 Exam Answers p43
Consider the IP address configuration shown from PC1. What is a description of the default gateway address?
It is the IP address of the Router1 interface that connects the company to the Internet.
It is the IP address of the Router1 interface that connects the PC1 LAN to Router1.*
It is the IP address of Switch1 that connects PC1 to other devices on the same LAN.
It is the IP address of the ISP network device located in the cloud.
44. Which two functions are primary functions of a router? (Choose two.)
packet forwarding*
microsegmentation
domain name resolution
path selection*
flow control
Explanation: A router accepts a packet and accesses its routing table to determine the appropriate exit interface based on the destination address. The router then forwards the packet out of that interface.
45. What is the effect of using the Router# copy running-config startup-config command on a router?
The contents of ROM will change.
The contents of RAM will change.
The contents of NVRAM will change.*
The contents of flash will change.
Explanation: The command copy running-config startup-config copies the running-configuration file from RAM into NVRAM and saves it as the startup-configuration file. Since NVRAM is none-volatile memory it will be able to retain the configuration details when the router is powered off.
46. What will happen if the default gateway address is incorrectly configured on a host?
The host cannot communicate with other hosts in the local network.
The switch will not forward packets initiated by the host.
The host will have to use ARP to determine the correct address of the default gateway.
The host cannot communicate with hosts in other networks.*
A ping from the host to 127.0.0.1 would not be successful.
Explanation: When a host needs to send a message to another host located on the same network, it can forward the message directly. However, when a host needs to send a message to a remote network, it must use the router, also known as the default gateway. This is because the data link frame address of the remote destination host cannot be used directly. Instead, the IP packet has to be sent to the router (default gateway) and the router will forward the packet toward its destination. Therefore, if the default gateway is incorrectly configured, the host can communicate with other hosts on the same network, but not with hosts on remote networks.
47. What are two potential network problems that can result from ARP operation? (Choose two.)
Manually configuring static ARP associations could facilitate ARP poisoning or MAC address spoofing.
On large networks with low bandwidth, multiple ARP broadcasts could cause data communication delays.*
Network attackers could manipulate MAC address and IP address mappings in ARP messages with the intent of intercepting network traffic.*
Large numbers of ARP request broadcasts could cause the host MAC address table to overflow and prevent the host from communicating on the network.
Multiple ARP replies result in the switch MAC address table containing entries that match the MAC addresses of hosts that are connected to the relevant switch port.
Explanation: Large numbers of ARP broadcast messages could cause momentary data communications delays. Network attackers could manipulate MAC address and IP address mappings in ARP messages with the intent to intercept network traffic. ARP requests and replies cause entries to be made into the ARP table, not the MAC address table. ARP table overflows are very unlikely. Manually configuring static ARP associations is a way to prevent, not facilitate, ARP poisoning and MAC address spoofing. Multiple ARP replies resulting in the switch MAC address table containing entries that match the MAC addresses of connected nodes and are associated with the relevant switch port are required for normal switch frame forwarding operations. It is not an ARP caused network problem.
48. Open the PT activity. Perform the tasks in the activity instructions and then answer the question.
Which interfaces in each router are active and operational?
R1: G0/0 and S0/0/0
R2: G0/0 and S0/0/0
R1: G0/1 and S0/0/1
R2: G0/0 and S0/0/1
R1: G0/0 and S0/0/0
R2: G0/1 and S0/0/0**
R1: G0/0 and S0/0/1
R2: G0/1 and S0/0/1
Explanation: The command to use for this activity is show ip interface brief in each router. The active and operational interfaces are represented by the value “up” in the “Status” and “Protocol” columns. The interfaces in R1 with these characteristics are G0/0 and S0/0/0. In R2 they are G0/1 and S0/0/0.
49. Which term describes a field in the IPv4 packet header used to identify the next level protocol?
Protocol*
destination IPv4 address
source IPv4 address
TTL
50. Which term describes a field in the IPv4 packet header that contains an 8-bit binary value used to determine the priority of each packet?
differentiated services*
destination IPv4 address
source IPv4 address
protocol
51. Which term describes a field in the IPv4 packet header that contains a 32-bit binary value associated with an interface on the sending device?
source IPv4 address*
destination IPv4 address
protocol
TTL
52. Which term describes a field in the IPv4 packet header used to detect corruption in the IPv4 header?
header checksum*
source IPv4 address
protocol
TTL
53.
RTR1(config)# interface gi0/1
RTR1(config-if)# description Connects to the Marketing LAN
RTR1(config-if)# ip address 10.27.15.17 255.255.255.0
RTR1(config-if)# no shutdown
RTR1(config-if)# interface gi0/0
RTR1(config-if)# description Connects to the Payroll LAN
RTR1(config-if)# ip address 10.27.14.148 255.255.255.0
RTR1(config-if)# no shutdown
RTR1(config-if)# interface s0/0/0
RTR1(config-if)# description Connects to the ISP
RTR1(config-if)# ip address 10.14.15.254 255.255.255.0
RTR1(config-if)# no shutdown
RTR1(config-if)# interface s0/0/1
RTR1(config-if)# description Connects to the Head Office WAN
RTR1(config-if)# ip address 203.0.113.39 255.255.255.0
RTR1(config-if)# no shutdown
RTR1(config-if)# end
Refer to the exhibit. A network administrator is connecting a new host to the Payroll LAN. The host needs to communicate with remote networks. What IP address would be configured as the default gateway on the new host?
10.27.14.148*
10.27.14.1
10.14.15.254
203.0.113.39
10.27.15.17
54. Which term describes a field in the IPv4 packet header that contains a unicast, multicast, or broadcast address?
destination IPv4 address*
protocol
TTL
header checksum
55. Which term describes a field in the IPv4 packet header used to limit the lifetime of a packet?
TTL*
source IPv4 address
protocol
header checksum
56. Which term describes a field in the IPv4 packet header that contains a 4-bit binary value set to 0100?
Versión*
source IPv4 address
protocol
TTL
57. Which term describes a field in the IPv4 packet header used to identify the next level protocol?
Protocol*
version
differentiated services
header checksum
58. Which term describes a field in the IPv4 packet header that contains a 4-bit binary value set to 0100?
Versión*
differentiated services
header checksum
TTL
59. What property of ARP causes cached IP-to-MAC mappings to remain in memory longer?
Entries in an ARP table are time-stamped and are purged after the timeout expires.*
A static IP-to-MAC address entry can be entered manually into an ARP table.
The type field 0x806 appears in the header of the Ethernet frame.
The port-to-MAC address table on a switch has the same entries as the ARP table on the switch.
60. What property of ARP allows MAC addresses of frequently used servers to be fixed in the ARP table?
A static IP-to-MAC address entry can be entered manually into an ARP table.*
Entries in an ARP table are time-stamped and are purged after the timeout expires.
The type field 0x806 appears in the header of the Ethernet frame.
The port-to-MAC address table on a switch has the same entries as the ARP table on the switch.
61. What property of ARP allows MAC addresses of frequently used servers to be fixed in the ARP table?
A static IP-to-MAC address entry can be entered manually into an ARP table.*
The destination MAC address FF-FF-FF-FF-FF-FF appears in the header of the Ethernet frame.
The source MAC address appears in the header of the Ethernet frame.
The port-to-MAC address table on a switch has the same entries as the ARP table on the switch.
62. What property of ARP allows hosts on a LAN to send traffic to remote networks?
Local hosts learn the MAC address of the default gateway.*
The destination MAC address FF-FF-FF-FF-FF-FF appears in the header of the Ethernet frame.
The source MAC address appears in the header of the Ethernet frame.
The port-to-MAC address table on a switch has the same entries as the ARP table on the switch.
63.
Floor(config)# interface gi0/1
Floor(config-if)# description Connects to the Registrar LAN
Floor(config-if)# ip address 192.168.235.234 255.255.255.0
Floor(config-if)# no shutdown
Floor(config-if)# interface gi0/0
Floor(config-if)# description Connects to the Manager LAN
Floor(config-if)# ip address 192.168.234.114 255.255.255.0
Floor(config-if)# no shutdown
Floor(config-if)# interface s0/0/0
Floor(config-if)# description Connects to the ISP
Floor(config-if)# ip address 10.234.235.254 255.255.255.0
Floor(config-if)# no shutdown
Floor(config-if)# interface s0/0/1
Floor(config-if)# description Connects to the Head Office WAN
Floor(config-if)# ip address 203.0.113.3 255.255.255.0
Floor(config-if)# no shutdown
Floor(config-if)# end
Refer to the exhibit. A network administrator is connecting a new host to the Registrar LAN. The host needs to communicate with remote networks. What IP address would be configured as the default gateway on the new host?
192.168.235.234*
192.168.235.1
10.234.235.254
203.0.113.3
192.168.234.114
64. What property of ARP forces all Ethernet NICs to process an ARP request?
The destination MAC address FF-FF-FF-FF-FF-FF appears in the header of the Ethernet frame.*
The source MAC address appears in the header of the Ethernet frame.
The type field 0x806 appears in the header of the Ethernet frame.
ARP replies are broadcast on the network when a host receives an ARP request.
65. What property of ARP causes a reply only to the source sending an ARP request?
The source MAC address appears in the header of the Ethernet frame.*
The destination MAC address FF-FF-FF-FF-FF-FF appears in the header of the Ethernet frame.
The type field 0x806 appears in the header of the Ethernet frame.
ARP replies are broadcast on the network when a host receives an ARP request.
66. What property of ARP causes the request to be flooded out all ports of a switch except for the port receiving the ARP request?
The destination MAC address FF-FF-FF-FF-FF-FF appears in the header of the Ethernet frame.*
The type field 0x806 appears in the header of the Ethernet frame.
Entries in an ARP table are time-stamped and are purged after the timeout expires.
ARP replies are broadcast on the network when a host receives an ARP request.
67. What property of ARP causes the NICs receiving an ARP request to pass the data portion of the Ethernet frame to the ARP process?
The type field 0x806 appears in the header of the Ethernet frame.*
The destination MAC address FF-FF-FF-FF-FF-FF appears in the header of the Ethernet frame.
Entries in an ARP table are time-stamped and are purged after the timeout expires.
ARP replies are broadcast on the network when a host receives an ARP request.
68. What property of ARP causes the NICs receiving an ARP request to pass the data portion of the Ethernet frame to the ARP process?
The type field 0x806 appears in the header of the Ethernet frame.*
The destination MAC address FF-FF-FF-FF-FF-FF appears in the header of the Ethernet frame.
Entries in an ARP table are time-stamped and are purged after the timeout expires.
The port-to-MAC address table on a switch has the same entries as the ARP table on the switch.
69.
Main(config)# interface gi0/1
Main(config-if)# description Connects to the Service LAN
Main(config-if)# ip address 172.29.157.156 255.255.255.0
Main(config-if)# no shutdown
Main(config-if)# interface gi0/0
Main(config-if)# description Connects to the Engineering LAN
Main(config-if)# ip address 172.29.156.36 255.255.255.0
Main(config-if)# no shutdown
Main(config-if)# interface s0/0/0
Main(config-if)# description Connects to the ISP
Main(config-if)# ip address 10.156.157.254 255.255.255.0
Main(config-if)# no shutdown
Main(config-if)# interface s0/0/1
Main(config-if)# description Connects to the Head Office WAN
Main(config-if)# ip address 198.51.100.177 255.255.255.0
Main(config-if)# no shutdown
Main(config-if)# end
Refer to the exhibit. A network administrator is connecting a new host to the Service LAN. The host needs to communicate with remote networks. What IP address would be configured as the default gateway on the new host?
172.29.157.156*
172.29.157.1
10.156.157.254
198.51.100.177
172.29.156.36
70.
BldgA(config)# interface gi0/1
BldgA(config-if)# description Connects to the Medical LAN
BldgA(config-if)# ip address 192.168.191.189 255.255.255.0
BldgA(config-if)# no shutdown
BldgA(config-if)# interface gi0/0
BldgA(config-if)# description Connects to the Client LAN
BldgA(config-if)# ip address 192.168.190.70 255.255.255.0
BldgA(config-if)# no shutdown
BldgA(config-if)# interface s0/0/0
BldgA(config-if)# description Connects to the ISP
BldgA(config-if)# ip address 10.190.191.254 255.255.255.0
BldgA(config-if)# no shutdown
BldgA(config-if)# interface s0/0/1
BldgA(config-if)# description Connects to the Head Office WAN
BldgA(config-if)# ip address 198.51.100.213 255.255.255.0
BldgA(config-if)# no shutdown
BldgA(config-if)# end
Refer to the exhibit. A network administrator is connecting a new host to the Medical LAN. The host needs to communicate with remote networks. What IP address would be configured as the default gateway on the new host?
192.168.191.189*
192.168.191.1
10.190.191.254
198.51.100.213
192.168.190.70
71.
Floor(config)# interface gi0/1
Floor(config-if)# description Connects to the Registrar LAN
Floor(config-if)# ip address 192.168.225.223 255.255.255.0
Floor(config-if)# no shutdown
Floor(config-if)# interface gi0/0
Floor(config-if)# description Connects to the Manager LAN
Floor(config-if)# ip address 192.168.224.103 255.255.255.0
Floor(config-if)# no shutdown
Floor(config-if)# interface s0/0/0
Floor(config-if)# description Connects to the ISP
Floor(config-if)# ip address 10.224.225.254 255.255.255.0
Floor(config-if)# no shutdown
Floor(config-if)# interface s0/0/1
Floor(config-if)# description Connects to the Head Office WAN
Floor(config-if)# ip address 203.0.113.246 255.255.255.0
Floor(config-if)# no shutdown
Floor(config-if)# end
Refer to the exhibit. A network administrator is connecting a new host to the Registrar LAN. The host needs to communicate with remote networks. What IP address would be configured as the default gateway on the new host?
192.168.225.223*
192.168.225.1
10.224.225.254
203.0.113.246
192.168.224.103
72.
Floor(config)# interface gi0/1
Floor(config-if)# description Connects to the Registrar LAN
Floor(config-if)# ip address 10.118.63.65 255.255.255.0
Floor(config-if)# no shutdown
Floor(config-if)# interface gi0/0
Floor(config-if)# description Connects to the Manager LAN
Floor(config-if)# ip address 10.118.62.196 255.255.255.0
Floor(config-if)# no shutdown
Floor(config-if)# interface s0/0/0
Floor(config-if)# description Connects to the ISP
Floor(config-if)# ip address 10.62.63.254 255.255.255.0
Floor(config-if)# no shutdown
Floor(config-if)# interface s0/0/1
Floor(config-if)# description Connects to the Head Office WAN
Floor(config-if)# ip address 209.165.200.87 255.255.255.0
Floor(config-if)# no shutdown
Floor(config-if)# end
Refer to the exhibit. A network administrator is connecting a new host to the Manager LAN. The host needs to communicate with remote networks. What IP address would be configured as the default gateway on the new host?
10.118.62.196*
10.118.62.1
10.62.63.254
209.165.200.87
10.118.63.65
73.
HQ(config)# interface gi0/1
HQ(config-if)# description Connects to the Branch LAN
HQ(config-if)# ip address 172.19.99.99 255.255.255.0
HQ(config-if)# no shutdown
HQ(config-if)# interface gi0/0
HQ(config-if)# description Connects to the Store LAN
HQ(config-if)# ip address 172.19.98.230 255.255.255.0
HQ(config-if)# no shutdown
HQ(config-if)# interface s0/0/0
HQ(config-if)# description Connects to the ISP
HQ(config-if)# ip address 10.98.99.254 255.255.255.0
HQ(config-if)# no shutdown
HQ(config-if)# interface s0/0/1
HQ(config-if)# description Connects to the Head Office WAN
HQ(config-if)# ip address 209.165.200.120 255.255.255.0
HQ(config-if)# no shutdown
HQ(config-if)# end
Refer to the exhibit. A network administrator is connecting a new host to the Store LAN. The host needs to communicate with remote networks. What IP address would be configured as the default gateway on the new host?
172.19.98.230*
172.19.98.1
10.98.99.254
209.165.200.120
172.19.99.99
74.
HQ(config)# interface gi0/1
HQ(config-if)# description Connects to the Branch LAN
HQ(config-if)# ip address 172.20.133.132 255.255.255.0
HQ(config-if)# no shutdown
HQ(config-if)# interface gi0/0
HQ(config-if)# description Connects to the Store LAN
HQ(config-if)# ip address 172.20.132.13 255.255.255.0
HQ(config-if)# no shutdown
HQ(config-if)# interface s0/0/0
HQ(config-if)# description Connects to the ISP
HQ(config-if)# ip address 10.132.133.254 255.255.255.0
HQ(config-if)# no shutdown
HQ(config-if)# interface s0/0/1
HQ(config-if)# description Connects to the Head Office WAN
HQ(config-if)# ip address 198.51.100.156 255.255.255.0
HQ(config-if)# no shutdown
HQ(config-if)# end
Refer to the exhibit. A network administrator is connecting a new host to the Store LAN. The host needs to communicate with remote networks. What IP address would be configured as the default gateway on the new host?
172.20.132.13*
172.20.132.1
10.132.133.254
198.51.100.156
172.20.133.132
75.
Main(config)# interface gi0/1
Main(config-if)# description Connects to the Service LAN
Main(config-if)# ip address 192.168.167.166 255.255.255.0
Main(config-if)# no shutdown
Main(config-if)# interface gi0/0
Main(config-if)# description Connects to the Engineering LAN
Main(config-if)# ip address 192.168.166.46 255.255.255.0
Main(config-if)# no shutdown
Main(config-if)# interface s0/0/0
Main(config-if)# description Connects to the ISP
Main(config-if)# ip address 10.166.167.254 255.255.255.0
Main(config-if)# no shutdown
Main(config-if)# interface s0/0/1
Main(config-if)# description Connects to the Head Office WAN
Main(config-if)# ip address 198.51.100.189 255.255.255.0
Main(config-if)# no shutdown
Main(config-if)# end
Refer to the exhibit. A network administrator is connecting a new host to the Service LAN. The host needs to communicate with remote networks. What IP address would be configured as the default gateway on the new host?
192.168.167.166*
192.168.167.1
10.166.167.254
198.51.100.189
192.168.166.46
76.
BldgA(config)# interface gi0/1
BldgA(config-if)# description Connects to the Medical LAN
BldgA(config-if)# ip address 192.168.201.200 255.255.255.0
BldgA(config-if)# no shutdown
BldgA(config-if)# interface gi0/0
BldgA(config-if)# description Connects to the Client LAN
BldgA(config-if)# ip address 192.168.200.80 255.255.255.0
BldgA(config-if)# no shutdown
BldgA(config-if)# interface s0/0/0
BldgA(config-if)# description Connects to the ISP
BldgA(config-if)# ip address 10.200.201.254 255.255.255.0
BldgA(config-if)# no shutdown
BldgA(config-if)# interface s0/0/1
BldgA(config-if)# description Connects to the Head Office WAN
BldgA(config-if)# ip address 203.0.113.222 255.255.255.0
BldgA(config-if)# no shutdown
BldgA(config-if)# end
Refer to the exhibit. A network administrator is connecting a new host to the Medical LAN. The host needs to communicate with remote networks. What IP address would be configured as the default gateway on the new host?
192.168.201.200*
192.168.201.1
10.200.201.254
203.0.113.222
192.168.200.80
77. Open the PT activity. Perform the tasks in the activity instructions and then answer the question.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 8 – 10 Exam Answers p77
Which interfaces in each router are active and operational?
R1: G0/0 and S0/0/1
R2: G0/1 and S0/0/1
R1: G0/1 and S0/0/1
R2: G0/0 and S0/0/1**
R1: G0/0 and S0/0/0
R2: G0/1 and S0/0/0
R1: G0/0 and S0/0/0
R2: G0/0 and S0/0/0
CCNA1 v7 – ITN – Modules 8 – 10: Communicating Between Networks Exam Answers (Additional)
1. Which information is used by routers to forward a data packet toward its destination?
source IP address
destination IP address*
source data-link address
destination data-link address
2. A computer has to send a packet to a destination host in the same LAN. How will the packet be sent?
The packet will be sent to the default gateway first, and then, depending on the response from the gateway, it may be sent to the destination host.
The packet will be sent directly to the destination host.*
The packet will first be sent to the default gateway, and then from the default gateway it will be sent directly to the destination host.
The packet will be sent only to the default gateway.
3. A router receives a packet from the Gigabit 0/0 interface and determines that the packet needs to be forwarded out the Gigabit 0/1 interface. What will the router do next?
route the packet out the Gigabit 0/1 interface
create a new Layer 2 Ethernet frame to be sent to the destination*
look into the ARP cache to determine the destination IP address
look into the routing table to determine if the destination network is in the routing table
4. Which IPv4 address can a host use to ping the loopback interface?
126.0.0.1
127.0.0.0
126.0.0.0
127.0.0.1*
5. When a connectionless protocol is in use at a lower layer of the OSI model, how is missing data detected and retransmitted if necessary?
Connectionless acknowledgements are used to request retransmission.
Upper-layer connection-oriented protocols keep track of the data received and can request retransmission from the upper-level protocols on the sending host.*
Network layer IP protocols manage the communication sessions if connection-oriented transport services are not available.
The best-effort delivery process guarantees that all packets that are sent are received.
6. What was the reason for the creation and implementation of IPv6?
to make reading a 32-bit address easier
to relieve IPv4 address depletion*
to provide more address space in the Internet Names Registry
to allow NAT support for private addressing
7. Which statement accurately describes a characteristic of IPv4?
All IPv4 addresses are assignable to hosts.​
IPv4 has a 32-bit address space.​*
An IPv4 header has fewer fields than an IPv6 header has.​
IPv4 natively supports IPsec.​
8. Which field in an IPv4 packet header will typically stay the same during its transmission?
Flag
Time-to-Live
Packet Length
Destination Address*
9. When a router receives a packet, what information must be examined in order for the packet to be forwarded to a remote destination?
destination MAC address
source IP address
destination IP address*
source MAC address
10. Which field in an IPv6 packet is used by the router to determine if a packet has expired and should be dropped?
TTL
Hop Limit*
Address Unreachable
No Route to Destination
11. Which command can be used on a Windows host to display the routing table?
netstat –s
show ip route
netstat –r*
tracert
12. What information is added during encapsulation at OSI Layer 3?
source and destination MAC
source and destination application protocol
source and destination port number
source and destination IP address*
13. How does the network layer use the MTU value?
The network layer depends on the higher level layers to determine the MTU.
The network layer depends on the data link layer to set the MTU, and adjusts the speed of transmission to accommodate it.
The MTU is passed to the network layer by the data link layer.*
To increase speed of delivery, the network layer ignores the MTU.
14. Which characteristic describes an IPv6 enhancement over IPv4?​
IPv6 addresses are based on 128-bit flat addressing as opposed to IPv4 which is based on 32-bit hierarchical addressing.
The IPv6 header is simpler than the IPv4 header is, which improves packet handling.*
Both IPv4 and IPv6 support authentication, but only IPv6 supports privacy capabilities.
The IPv6 address space is four times bigger than the IPv4 address space.​
15. When an IP packet is sent to a host on a remote network, what information is provided by ARP?
the IP address of the destination host
the IP address of the default gateway
the MAC address of the router interface closest to the sending host*
the MAC address of the switch port that connects to the sending host
16. How does the ARP process use an IP address?
to determine the MAC address of the remote destination host
to determine the MAC address of a device on the same network*
to determine the amount of time a packet takes when traveling from source to destination
to determine the network number based on the number of bits in the IP address
17. The ARP table in a switch maps which two types of address together?
Layer 3 address to a Layer 2 address*
Layer 3 address to a Layer 4 address
Layer 4 address to a Layer 2 address
Layer 2 address to a Layer 4 address
18. What is one function of the ARP protocol?
obtaining an IPv4 address automatically
mapping a domain name to its IP address
resolving an IPv4 address to a MAC address*
maintaining a table of domain names with their resolved IP addresses
19. Which router component holds the routing table, ARP cache, and running configuration file?
RAM*
Flash
NVRAM
ROM
20. What type of information is contained in an ARP table?
switch ports associated with destination MAC addresses
domain name to IP address mappings
routes to reach destination networks
IP address to MAC address mappings*
21. A PC is configured to obtain an IP address automatically from network 192.168.1.0/24. The network administrator issues the arp –a command and notices an entry of 192.168.1.255 ff-ff-ff-ff-ff-ff. Which statement describes this entry?
This is a static map entry.*
This is a dynamic map entry.
This entry refers to the PC itself.
This entry maps to the default gateway.
22. A cybersecurity analyst believes an attacker is spoofing the MAC address of the default gateway to perform a man-in-the-middle attack. Which command should the analyst use to view the MAC address a host is using to reach the default gateway?
ipconfig /all
route print
netstat -r
arp –a*
23. What is a function of ARP?
resolving MAC addresses to IPv4 addresses
resolving port addresses to MAC addresses
resolving MAC addresses to port addresses
resolving IPv4 addresses to MAC addresses*
24. What is the purpose of ARP in an IPv4 network?
to forward data onward based on the destination IP address
to obtain a specific MAC address when an IP address is known*
to forward data onward based on the destination MAC address.
to build the MAC address table in a switch from the information that is gathered
25. Which action is taken by a Layer 2 switch when it receives a Layer 2 broadcast frame?
It drops the frame.
It sends the frame to all ports except the port on which it received the frame.*
It sends the frame to all ports that are registered to forward broadcasts.
It sends the frame to all ports.
26. Which destination address is used in an ARP request frame?
0.0.0.0
255.255.255.255
FFFF.FFFF.FFFF*
127.0.0.1
01-00-5E-00-AA-23
27. What addresses are mapped by ARP?
destination MAC address to a destination IPv4 address*
destination IPv4 address to the source MAC address
destination IPv4 address to the destination host name
destination MAC address to the source IPv4 address
28. What will a Layer 2 switch do when the destination MAC address of a received frame is not in the MAC table?
It initiates an ARP request.
It broadcasts the frame out of all ports on the switch.
It notifies the sending host that the frame cannot be delivered.
It forwards the frame out of all ports except for the port at which the frame was received.*
29. Which two ICMPv6 messages are used during the Ethernet MAC address resolution process? (Choose two.)
router solicitation
router advertisement
neighbor solicitation*
neighbor advertisement*
echo request
30. A router boots and enters setup mode. What is the reason for this?
The IOS image is corrupt.
Cisco IOS is missing from flash memory.
The configuration file is missing from NVRAM.*
The POST process has detected hardware failure.
31. Which command is used to encrypt all passwords in a router configuration file?
Router_A (config) # enable secret
Router_A (config) # service password-encryption*
Router_A (config) # enable password
Router_A (config) # encrypt password
32. Company policy requires using the most secure method to safeguard access to the privileged exec and configuration mode on the routers. The privileged exec password is trustknow1. Which of the following router commands achieves the goal of providing the highest level of security?
secret password trustknow1
enable password trustknow1
service password-encryption
enable secret trustknow1*
33. What will be the response from the router after the command, “router(config)# hostname portsmouth” is entered?
portsmouth#
portsmouth(config)#*
invalid input detected
router(config-host)#
hostname = portsmouth
portsmouth#
? command not recognized
router(config)#
34. An administrator is configuring a new router to permit out-of-band management access. Which set of commands will allow the required login using a password of cisco?
Router(config)# line vty 0 4
Router(config-line)# password manage
Router(config-line)# exit
Router(config)# enable password cisco
Router(config)# line vty 0 4
Router(config-line)# password cisco
Router(config-line)# login
Router(config)# line console 0
Router(config-line)# password cisco
Router(config-line)# login***
Router(config)# line console 0
Router(config-line)# password cisco
Router(config-line)# exit
Router(config)# service password-encryption
35. Which command can be used on a Cisco router to display all interfaces, the IPv4 address assigned, and the current status?
show ip interface brief*
ping
show ip route
show interface fa0/1
36. Which CLI mode allows users to access all device commands, such as those used for configuration, management, and troubleshooting?
user EXEC mode
privileged EXEC mode*
global configuration mode
interface configuration mode
37. What is the purpose of the startup configuration file on a Cisco router?
to facilitate the basic operation of the hardware components of a device
to contain the commands that are used to initially configure a router on startup*
to contain the configuration commands that the router IOS is currently using
to provide a limited backup version of the IOS, in case the router cannot load the full featured IOS
38. Which characteristic describes the default gateway of a host computer?
the logical address of the router interface on the same network as the host computer*
the physical address of the switch interface connected to the host computer
the physical address of the router interface on the same network as the host computer
the logical address assigned to the switch interface connected to the router
39. What is the purpose of the banner motd command?
It configures a message that will identify printed documents to LAN users.
It is a way that routers communicate the status of their links with one another.
It provides an easy way of communicating with any user attached to a router’s LANs.
It provides a way to make announcements to those who log in to a router.*
40. A technician is configuring a router to allow for all forms of management access. As part of each different type of access, the technician is trying to type the command login. Which configuration mode should be entered to do this task?
user executive mode
global configuration mode
any line configuration mode*
privileged EXEC mode
41. What is stored in the NVRAM of a Cisco router?
the Cisco IOS
the running configuration
the bootup instructions
the startup configuration*
42. Which statement regarding the service password-encryption command is true?
It is configured in privileged EXEC mode.
It encrypts only line mode passwords.
As soon as the service password-encryption command is entered, all currently set passwords formerly displayed in plain text are encrypted.*
To see the passwords encrypted by the service password-encryption command in plain text, issue the no service password-encryption command.
. What is the prefix length notation for the subnet mask 255.255.255.224?
/25
/26
/27*
/28
Explanation: The binary format for 255.255.255.224 is 11111111.11111111.11111111.11100000. The prefix length is the number of consecutive 1s in the subnet mask. Therefore, the prefix length is /27.
2. How many valid host addresses are available on an IPv4 subnet that is configured with a /26 mask?
254
190
192
62*
64
3. Which subnet mask would be used if 5 host bits are available?
255.255.255.0
255.255.255.128
255.255.255.224​*
255.255.255.240
4. A network administrator subnets the 192.168.10.0/24 network into subnets with /26 masks. How many equal-sized subnets are created?
1
2
4*
8
16
64
5. Match the subnetwork to a host address that would be included within the subnetwork. (Not all options are used.)

6. An administrator wants to create four subnetworks from the network address 192.168.1.0/24. What is the network address and subnet mask of the second useable subnet?
subnetwork 192.168.1.64
subnet mask 255.255.255.192**
subnetwork 192.168.1.32
subnet mask 255.255.255.240
subnetwork 192.168.1.64
subnet mask 255.255.255.240
subnetwork 192.168.1.128
subnet mask 255.255.255.192
subnetwork 192.168.1.8
subnet mask 255.255.255.224
7. How many bits must be borrowed from the host portion of an address to accommodate a router with five connected networks?
two
three*
four
five
Explanation: Each network that is directly connected to an interface on a router requires its own subnet. The formula 2n, where n is the number of bits borrowed, is used to calculate the available number of subnets when borrowing a specific number of bits.
8. How many host addresses are available on the 192.168.10.128/26 network?
30
32
60
62*
64
Explanation: A /26 prefix gives 6 host bits, which provides a total of 64 addresses, because 26 = 64. Subtracting the network and broadcast addresses leaves 62 usable host addresses.
9. How many host addresses are available on the network 172.16.128.0 with a subnet mask of 255.255.252.0?
510
512
1022*
1024
2046
2048
Explanation: A mask of 255.255.252.0 is equal to a prefix of /22. A /22 prefix provides 22 bits for the network portion and leaves 10 bits for the host portion. The 10 bits in the host portion will provide 1022 usable IP addresses (210 – 2 = 1022).
10. Match each IPv4 address to the appropriate address category. (Not all options are used.)

11. What three blocks of addresses are defined by RFC 1918 for private network use? (Choose three.)
10.0.0.0/8*
172.16.0.0/12*
192.168.0.0/16*
100.64.0.0/14
169.254.0.0/16
239.0.0.0/8
Explanation: RFC 1918, Address Allocation for Private Internets, defines three blocks of IPv4 address for private networks that should not be routable on the public Internet.
10.0.0.0/8
172.16.0.0/12
192.168.0.0/16
12. Refer to the exhibit.

An administrator must send a message to everyone on the router A network. What is the broadcast address for network 172.16.16.0/22?
172.16.16.255
172.16.20.255
172.16.19.255*
172.16.23.255
172.16.255.255
Explanation: The 172.16.16.0/22 network has 22 bits in the network portion and 10 bits in the host portion. Converting the network address to binary yields a subnet mask of 255.255.252.0. The range of addresses in this network will end with the last address available before 172.16.20.0. Valid host addresses for this network range from 172.16.16.1-172.16.19.254, making 172.16.19.255 the broadcast address.
13. A site administrator has been told that a particular network at the site must accommodate 126 hosts. Which subnet mask would be used that contains the required number of host bits?
255.255.255.0
255.255.255.128*
255.255.255.224
255.255.255.240
Explanation: The subnet mask of 255.255.255.0 has 8 host bits. The mask of 255.255.255.128 results in 7 host bits. The mask of 255.255.255.224 has 5 host bits. Finally, 255.255.255.240 represents 4 host bits.
14. Refer to the exhibit.

Considering the addresses already used and having to remain within the 10.16.10.0/24 network range, which subnet address could be assigned to the network containing 25 hosts?
10.16.10.160/26
10.16.10.128/28
10.16.10.64/27*
10.16.10.224/26
10.16.10.240/27
10.16.10.240/28
Explanation: Addresses 10.16.10.0 through 10.16.10.63 are taken for the leftmost network. Addresses 10.16.10.192 through 10.16.10.207 are used by the center network.The address space from 208-255 assumes a /28 mask, which does not allow enough host bits to accommodate 25 host addresses.The address ranges that are available include 10.16.10.64/26 and10.16.10.128/26. To accommodate 25 hosts, 5 host bits are needed, so a /27 mask is necessary. Four possible /27 subnets could be created from the available addresses between 10.16.10.64 and 10.16.10.191:
10.16.10.64/27
10.16.10.96/27
10.16.10.128/27
10.16.10.160/27
15. What is the usable number of host IP addresses on a network that has a /26 mask?
256
254
64
62*
32
16
Explanation: A /26 mask is the same as 255.255.255.192. The mask leaves 6 host bits. With 6 host bits, 64 IP addresses are possible. One address represents the subnet number and one address represents the broadcast address, which means that 62 addresses can then be used to assign to network devices.
16. Which address prefix range is reserved for IPv4 multicast?
240.0.0.0 – 254.255.255.255
224.0.0.0 – 239.255.255.255*
169.254.0.0 – 169.254.255.255
127.0.0.0 – 127.255.255.255
17. Refer to the exhibit.

Match the network with the correct IP address and prefix that will satisfy the usable host addressing requirements for each network.

Explanation: Network A needs to use 192.168.0.128 /25, which yields 128 host addresses.
Network B needs to use 192.168.0.0 /26, which yields 64 host addresses.
Network C needs to use 192.168.0.96 /27, which yields 32 host addresses.
Network D needs to use 192.168.0.80/30, which yields 4 host addresses.
18. A high school in New York (school A) is using videoconferencing technology to establish student interactions with another high school (school B) in Russia. The videoconferencing is conducted between two end devices through the Internet. The network administrator of school A configures the end device with the IP address 209.165.201.10. The administrator sends a request for the IP address for the end device in school B and the response is 192.168.25.10. Neither school is using a VPN. The administrator knows immediately that this IP will not work. Why?
This is a loopback address.
This is a link-local address.
This is a private IP address.*
There is an IP address conflict.
19. Which three addresses are valid public addresses? (Choose three.)
198.133.219.17*
192.168.1.245
10.15.250.5
128.107.12.117*
172.31.1.25
64.104.78.227*
Explanation: The ranges of private IPv4 addresses are as folllows:
10.0.0.0 – 10.255.255.255
172.16.0.0 – 172.31.255.255
192.168.0.0 – 192.168.255.255
20. A message is sent to all hosts on a remote network. Which type of message is it?
limited broadcast
multicast
directed broadcast*
unicast
Explanation: A directed broadcast is a message sent to all hosts on a specific network. It is useful for sending a broadcast to all hosts on a nonlocal network. A multicast message is a message sent to a selected group of hosts that are part of a subscribing multicast group. A limited broadcast is used for a communication that is limited to the hosts on the local network. A unicast message is a message sent from one host to another.
21. A company has a network address of 192.168.1.64 with a subnet mask of 255.255.255.192. The company wants to create two subnetworks that would contain 10 hosts and 18 hosts respectively. Which two networks would achieve that? (Choose two.)
192.168.1.16/28
192.168.1.64/27*
192.168.1.128/27
192.168.1.96/28*
192.168.1.192/28
22. Which address is a valid IPv6 link-local unicast address?
FEC8:1::FFFF
FD80::1:1234
FE80::1:4545:6578:ABC1*
FE0A::100:7788:998F
FC90:5678:4251:FFFF
Explanation: IPv6 LLAs are in the fe80::/10 range. The /10 indicates that the first 10 bits are 1111 1110 10xx xxxx. The first hextet has a range of 1111 1110 1000 0000 (fe80) to 1111 1110 1011 1111 (febf).
23. Which of these addresses is the shortest abbreviation for the IP address:
3FFE:1044:0000:0000:00AB:0000:0000:0057?
3FFE:1044::AB::57
3FFE:1044::00AB::0057
3FFE:1044:0:0:AB::57*
3FFE:1044:0:0:00AB::0057
3FFE:1044:0000:0000:00AB::57
3FFE:1044:0000:0000:00AB::0057
Explanation: The rules for reducing the notation of IPv6 addresses are:
1. Omit any leading 0s (zeros) in any hextet.
2. Replace any single, contiguous string of one or more 16-bit hextets consisting of all zeros with a double colon (::) .
3. The double colon (::) can only be used once within an address.
24. A network administrator has received the IPv6 prefix 2001:DB8::/48 for subnetting. Assuming the administrator does not subnet into the interface ID portion of the address space, how many subnets can the administrator create from the /48 prefix?
16
256
4096
65536*
Explanation: With a network prefix of 48, there will be 16 bits available for subnetting because the interface ID starts at bit 64. Sixteen bits will yield 65536 subnets.
25. Given IPv6 address prefix 2001:db8::/48, what will be the last subnet that is created if the subnet prefix is changed to /52?
2001:db8:0:f00::/52
2001:db8:0:8000::/52
2001:db8:0:f::/52
2001:db8:0:f000::/52*
Explanation: Prefix 2001:db8::/48 has 48 network bits. If we subnet to a /52, we are moving the network boundary four bits to the right and creating 16 subnets. The first subnet is 2001:db8::/52 the last subnet is 2001:db8:0:f000::/52.
26. Consider the following range of addresses:
2001:0DB8:BC15:00A0:0000::
2001:0DB8:BC15:00A1:0000::
2001:0DB8:BC15:00A2:0000::
…
2001:0DB8:BC15:00AF:0000::
The prefix-length for the range of addresses is   /60 .
Explanation: All the addresses have the part 2001:0DB8:BC15:00A in common. Each number or letter in the address represents 4 bits, so the prefix-length is /60.
27. What type of IPv6 address is FE80::1?
loopback
link-local*
multicast
global unicast
28. Refer to the exhibit.

A company is deploying an IPv6 addressing scheme for its network. The company design document indicates that the subnet portion of the IPv6 addresses is used for the new hierarchical network design, with the site subsection to represent multiple geographical sites of the company, the sub-site section to represent multiple campuses at each site, and the subnet section to indicate each network segment separated by routers. With such a scheme, what is the maximum number of subnets achieved per sub-site?
0
4
16*
256
Explanation: Because only one hexadecimal character is used to represent the subnet, that one character can represent 16 different values 0 through F.
29. What is used in the EUI-64 process to create an IPv6 interface ID on an IPv6 enabled interface?
the MAC address of the IPv6 enabled interface*
a randomly generated 64-bit hexadecimal address
an IPv6 address that is provided by a DHCPv6 server
an IPv4 address that is configured on the interface
Explanation: The EUI-64 process uses the MAC address of an interface to construct an interface ID (IID). Because the MAC address is only 48 bits in length, 16 additional bits (FF:FE) must be added to the MAC address to create the full 64-bit interface ID.
30. What is the prefix for the host address 2001:DB8:BC15:A:12AB::1/64?
2001:DB8:BC15
2001:DB8:BC15:A*
2001:DB8:BC15:A:1
2001:DB8:BC15:A:12
31. An IPv6 enabled device sends a data packet with the destination address of FF02::1. What is the target of this packet?​
the one IPv6 device on the link that has been uniquely configured with this address
all IPv6 enabled devices on the local link​ or network*
only IPv6 DHCP servers​
only IPv6 configured routers
32. Match the IPv6 address with the IPv6 address type. (Not all options are used.)

Explanation: FF02::1:FFAE:F85F is a solicited node multicast address.
2001:DB8::BAF:3F57:FE94 is a global unicast address.
FF02::1 is the all node multicast address. Packets sent to this address will be received by all IPv6 hosts on the local link.
::1 is the IPv6 loopback address.
There are no examples of link local or unique local addresses provided.
33. Which IPv6 prefix is reserved for communication between devices on the same link?
FC00::/7
2001::/32
FE80::/10*
FDFF::/7
Explanation: IPv6 link-local unicast addresses are in the FE80::/10 prefix range and are not routable. They are used only for communications between devices on the same link.
34. Which type of IPv6 address refers to any unicast address that is assigned to multiple hosts?
unique local
global unicast
link-local
anycast*
35. What are two types of IPv6 unicast addresses? (Choose two.)
multicast
loopback*
link-local*
anycast
broadcast
Explanation: Multicast, anycast, and unicast are types of IPv6 addresses. There is no broadcast address in IPv6. Loopback and link-local are specific types of unicast addresses.
36. Which service provides dynamic global IPv6 addressing to end devices without using a server that keeps a record of available IPv6 addresses?
stateful DHCPv6
SLAAC*
static IPv6 addressing
stateless DHCPv6
Explanation: Using stateless address autoconfiguration (SLAAC), a PC can solicit a router and receive the prefix length of the network. From this information the PC can then create its own IPv6 global unicast address.
37. Which protocol supports Stateless Address Autoconfiguration (SLAAC) for dynamic assignment of IPv6 addresses to a host?
ARPv6
DHCPv6
ICMPv6*
UDP
Explanation: SLAAC uses ICMPv6 messages when dynamically assigning an IPv6 address to a host. DHCPv6 is an alternate method of assigning an IPv6 addresses to a host. ARPv6 does not exist. Neighbor Discovery Protocol (NDP) provides the functionality of ARP for IPv6 networks. UDP is the transport layer protocol used by DHCPv6.
38. Three methods allow IPv6 and IPv4 to co-exist. Match each method with its description. (Not all options are used.)

39. A technician uses the ping 127.0.0.1 command. What is the technician testing?
the TCP/IP stack on a network host*
connectivity between two adjacent Cisco devices
connectivity between a PC and the default gateway
connectivity between two PCs on the same network
physical connectivity of a particular PC and the network
40. Refer to the exhibit.

An administrator is trying to troubleshoot connectivity between PC1 and PC2 and uses the tracert command from PC1 to do it. Based on the displayed output, where should the administrator begin troubleshooting?
PC2
R1*
SW2
R2
SW1
41. Which protocol is used by the traceroute command to send and receive echo-requests and echo-replies?
SNMP
ICMP*
Telnet
TCP
Explanation: Traceroute uses the ICMP (Internet Control Message Protocol) to send and receive echo-request and echo-reply messages.
42. Which ICMPv6 message is sent when the IPv6 hop limit field of a packet is decremented to zero and the packet cannot be forwarded?
network unreachable
time exceded*
protocol unreachable
port unreachable
43. A user executes a traceroute over IPv6. At what point would a router in the path to the destination device drop the packet?
when the value of the Hop Limit field reaches 255
when the value of the Hop Limit field reaches zero*
when the router receives an ICMP time exceeded message
when the target host responds with an ICMP echo reply message
44. What is the purpose of ICMP messages?
to inform routers about network topology changes
to ensure the delivery of an IP packet
to provide feedback of IP packet transmissions*
to monitor the process of a domain name to IP address resolution
Explanation: The purpose of ICMP messages is to provide feedback about issues that are related to the processing of IP packets.
45. What source IP address does a router use by default when the traceroute command is issued?
the highest configured IP address on the router
a loopback IP address
the IP address of the outbound interface*
the lowest configured IP address on the router
Explanation: When sending an echo request message, a router will use the IP address of the exit interface as the source IP address. This default behavior can be changed by using an extended ping and specifying a specific source IP address.
46. Match each description with an appropriate IP address. (Not all options are used.)

Explanation: Link-Local addresses are assigned automatically by the OS environment and are located in the block 169.254.0.0/16. The private addresses ranges are 10.0.0.0/8, 172.16.0.0/12, and 192.168.0.0/16. TEST-NET addresses belong to the range 192.0.2.0/24. The addresses in the block 240.0.0.0 to 255.255.255.254 are reserved as experimental addresses. Loopback addresses belong to the block 127.0.0.0/8.
47. A user issues a ping 192.135.250.103 command and receives a response that includes a code of 1. What does this code represent?
host unreachable*
protocol unreachable
port unreachable
network unreachable
48. Which subnet would include the address 192.168.1.96 as a usable host address?
192.168.1.64/26*
192.168.1.32/27
192.168.1.32/28
192.168.1.64/29
Explanation: For the subnet of 192.168.1.64/26, there are 6 bits for host addresses, yielding 64 possible addresses. However, the first and last subnets are the network and broadcast addresses for this subnet. Therefore, the range of host addresses for this subnet is 192.168.1.65 to 192.168.1.126. The other subnets do not contain the address 192.168.1.96 as a valid host address.
49. Open the PT Activity. Perform the tasks in the activity instructions and then answer the question.

What are the three IPv6 addresses displayed when the route from PC1 to PC2 is traced? (Choose three.)
2001:DB8:1:1::1*
2001:DB8:1:1::A
2001:DB8:1:2::2
2001:DB8:1:2::1*
2001:DB8:1:3::1
2001:DB8:1:3::2*
2001:DB8:1:4::1
Explanation: Using the ipv6config command on PC2 displays the IPv6 address of PC2, which is 2001:DB8:1:4::A. The IPV6 link-local address, FE80::260:70FF:FE34:6930, is not used in route tracing. Using the tracert 2001:DB8:1:4::A command on PC1 displays four addresses: 2001:DB8:1:1::1, 2001:DB8:1:2::1 , 2001:DB8:1:3::2, and 2001:DB8:1:4::A.
50. A host is transmitting a broadcast. Which host or hosts will receive it?
all hosts in the same subnet*
a specially defined group of hosts
the closest neighbor on the same network
all hosts on the Internet
51. A host is transmitting a unicast. Which host or hosts will receive it?
one specific host*
a specially defined group of hosts
all hosts on the Internet
the closest neighbor on the same network
52. A user issues a ping 2001:db8:FACE:39::10 command and receives a response that includes a code of 3. What does this code represent?
address unreachable*
network unreachable
host unreachable
protocol unreachable
53. A host is transmitting a multicast. Which host or hosts will receive it?
a specially defined group of hosts*
one specific host
all hosts with the same IP address
the closest neighbor on the same network
54. A host is transmitting a multicast. Which host or hosts will receive it?
a specially defined group of hosts*
one specific host
directly connected network devices
the closest neighbor on the same network
55. A host is transmitting a multicast. Which host or hosts will receive it?
a specially defined group of hosts*
one specific host
all hosts with the same IP address
all hosts on the Internet
56. A host is transmitting a multicast. Which host or hosts will receive it?
a specially defined group of hosts*
one specific host
directly connected network devices
all hosts on the Internet
57. A host is transmitting a multicast. Which host or hosts will receive it?
a specially defined group of hosts*
all hosts in the same subnet
directly connected network devices
the closest neighbor on the same network
58. A host is transmitting a broadcast. Which host or hosts will receive it?
all hosts in the same subnet*
one specific host
the closest neighbor on the same network
directly connected network devices
59. A host is transmitting a broadcast. Which host or hosts will receive it?
all hosts in the same subnet*
one specific host
all hosts on the Internet
directly connected network devices
60. Which is the compressed format of the IPv6 address 2001:0db8:0000:0000:0000:a0b0:0008:0001?
2001:db8::a0b0:8:1*
2001:db8::ab8:1:0:1000
2001:db80:0:1::80:1
2001:db80:::1::80:1
61. Which is the compressed format of the IPv6 address fe80:09ea:0000:2200:0000:0000:0fe0:0290?
fe80:9ea:0:2200::fe0:290*
fe80:9:20::b000:290
fe80:9ea0::2020:0:bf:e0:9290
fe80:9ea0::2020::bf:e0:9290
62. Which is the compressed format of the IPv6 address 2002:0042:0010:c400:0000:0000:0000:0909?
2002:42:10:c400::909*
200:420:110:c4b::910:0:90
2002:4200::25:1090:0:99
2002:42::25:1090:0:99
63. Which is the compressed format of the IPv6 address 2001:0db8:0000:0000:0ab8:0001:0000:1000?
2001:db8::ab8:1:0:1000*
2001:db8::a0b0:8:1
2001:db8:1::ab8:0:1
2001:db8:0:1::8:1
64. Which is the compressed format of the IPv6 address 2002:0420:00c4:1008:0025:0190:0000:0990?
2002:420:c4:1008:25:190::990*
2002:42:10:c400::909
2002:4200::25:1090:0:99
2002:42::25:1090:0:99
65. Which is the compressed format of the IPv6 address 2001:0db8:0000:0000:0000:a0b0:0008:0001?
2001:db8::a0b0:8:1*
2001:db8:1::ab8:0:1
2001:db8::ab8:1:0:1000
2001:db8:0:1::8:1
66. Which is the compressed format of the IPv6 address fe80:0000:0000:0000:0220:0b3f:f0e0:0029?
fe80::220:b3f:f0e0:29*
fe80:9ea:0:2200::fe0:290
fe80:9ea0::2020:0:bf:e0:9290
fe80:9ea0::2020::bf:e0:9290
67. Which is the compressed format of the IPv6 address 2001:0db8:0000:0000:0000:a0b0:0008:0001?
2001:db8::a0b0:8:1*
2001:db8::ab8:1:0:1000
2001:db80:0:1::80:1
2001:db8:0:1::8:1
68. Which is the compressed format of the IPv6 address 2002:0042:0010:c400:0000:0000:0000:0909?
2002:42:10:c400::909*
2002:4200::25:1090:0:99
2002:420:c4:1008:25:190::990
2002:42::25:1090:0:99
69. Which is the compressed format of the IPv6 address fe80:09ea:0000:2200:0000:0000:0fe0:0290?
fe80:9ea:0:2200::fe0:290*
fe80:9ea0::2020:0:bf:e0:9290
fe80::220:b3f:f0e0:29
fe80::0220:0b3f:f0e0:0029
70. A user issues a ping 2001:db8:FACE:39::10 command and receives a response that includes a code of 2 . What does this code represent?
beyond scope of the source address*
communication with the destination administratively prohibited
address unreachable
no route to destination
71. A user issues a ping 192.135.250.103 command and receives a response that includes a code of 1. What does this code represent?
host unreachable*
beyond scope of the source address
address unreachable
communication with the destination administratively prohibited
72. A user issues a ping fe80:65ab:dcc1::100 command and receives a response that includes a code of 3. What does this code represent?
address unreachable*
communication with the destination administratively prohibited
beyond scope of the source address
no route to destination
73. A user issues a ping 10.10.14.67 command and receives a response that includes a code of 0. What does this code represent?
network unreachable*
protocol unreachable
port unreachable
host unreachable
74. A user issues a ping fe80:65ab:dcc1::100 command and receives a response that includes a code of 4. What does this code represent?
port unreachable*
host unreachable
protocol unreachable
network unreachable
75. A user issues a ping 198.133.219.8 command and receives a response that includes a code of 0. What does this code represent?
network unreachable*
protocol unreachable
port unreachable
host unreachable
76. A user issues a ping 2001:db8:3040:114::88 command and receives a response that includes a code of 4. What does this code represent?
port unreachable*
host unreachable
protocol unreachable
network unreachable
77. A user issues a ping 2001:db8:FACE:39::10 command and receives a response that includes a code of 2. What does this code represent?
beyond scope of the source address*
host unreachable
protocol unreachable
network unreachable
Modules 11 – 13: IP Addressing Exam Answers (Additional)
1. What is the prefix length notation for the subnet mask 255.255.255.224?
/25
/26
/27*
/28
2. How many valid host addresses are available on an IPv4 subnet that is configured with a /26 mask?
254
190
192
62*
64
3. Which subnet mask would be used if 5 host bits are available?
255.255.255.0
255.255.255.128
255.255.255.224​*
255.255.255.240
4. A network administrator subnets the 192.168.10.0/24 network into subnets with /26 masks. How many equal-sized subnets are created?
1
2
4*
8
16
64
5. What subnet mask is represented by the slash notation /20?
255.255.255.248
255.255.224.0
255.255.240.0*
255.255.255.0
255.255.255.192
6. Which statement is true about variable-length subnet masking?
Each subnet is the same size.
The size of each subnet may be different, depending on requirements.*
Subnets may only be subnetted one additional time.
Bits are returned, rather than borrowed, to create additional subnets.
7. Why does a Layer 3 device perform the ANDing process on a destination IP address and subnet mask?
to identify the broadcast address of the destination network
to identify the host address of the destination host
to identify faulty frames
to identify the network address of the destination network*
8. How many usable IP addresses are available on the 192.168.1.0/27 network?
256
254
62
30*
16
32
9. Which subnet mask would be used if exactly 4 host bits are available?
255.255.255.224
255.255.255.128
255.255.255.240*
255.255.255.248
10. Which two parts are components of an IPv4 address? (Choose two.)
subnet portion
network portion*
logical portion
host portion*
physical portion
broadcast portion
11. If a network device has a mask of /26, how many IP addresses are available for hosts on this network?
64
30
62*
32
16
14
12. What does the IP address 172.17.4.250/24 represent?
network address
multicast address
host address*
broadcast address
13. If a network device has a mask of /28, how many IP addresses are available for hosts on this network?
256
254
62
32
16
14*
14. What is the purpose of the subnet mask in conjunction with an IP address?
to uniquely identify a host on a network
to identify whether the address is public or private
to determine the subnet to which the host belongs*
to mask the IP address to outsiders
15. A network administrator is variably subnetting a network. The smallest subnet has a mask of 255.255.255.224. How many usable host addresses will this subnet provide?​
2
6
14
30*
62
16. What is indicated by a successful ping to the ::1 IPv6 address?
The host is cabled properly.
The default gateway address is correctly configured.
All hosts on the local link are available.
The link-local address is correctly configured.
IP is properly installed on the host.*
17. What is the most compressed representation of the IPv6 address 2001:0000:0000:abcd:0000:0000:0000:0001?
2001:0:abcd::1
2001:0:0:abcd::1*
2001::abcd::1
2001:0000:abcd::1
2001::abcd:0:1
18. What is the purpose of the command ping ::1?
It tests the internal configuration of an IPv6 host.*
It tests the broadcast capability of all hosts on the subnet.
It tests the multicast connectivity to all hosts on the subnet.
It tests the reachability of the default gateway for the network.
19. At a minimum, which address is required on IPv6-enabled interfaces?
link-local*
unique local
site local
global unicast
20. What is the interface ID of the IPv6 address 2001:DB8::1000:A9CD:47FF:FE57:FE94/64?
FE94
FE57:FE94
47FF:FE57:FE94
A9CD:47FF:FE57:FE94*
1000:A9CD:47FF:FE57:FE94
21. What are three parts of an IPv6 global unicast address? (Choose three.)
an interface ID that is used to identify the local network for a particular host
a global routing prefix that is used to identify the network portion of the address that has been provided by an ISP*
a subnet ID that is used to identify networks inside of the local enterprise site*
a global routing prefix that is used to identify the portion of the network address provided by a local administrator
an interface ID that is used to identify the local host on the network*
22. What is the valid most compressed format possible of the IPv6 address 2001:0DB8:0000:AB00:0000:0000:0000:1234?
2001:DB8:0:AB00::1234*
2001:DB8:0:AB::1234
2001:DB8::AB00::1234
2001:DB8:0:AB:0:1234
23. What is the prefix associated with the IPv6 address 2001:CA48:D15:EA:CC44::1/64?
2001::/64
2001:CA48::/64​
2001:CA48:D15:EA::/64​*
2001:CA48:D15:EA:CC44::/64​
24. What type of address is automatically assigned to an interface when IPv6 is enabled on that interface?
global unicast
link-local*
loopback
unique local
25. Which IPv6 network prefix is only intended for local links and can not be routed?
2001::/3
FC00::/7
FE80::/10*
FEC0::/10
26. Your organization is issued the IPv6 prefix of 2001:0000:130F::/48 by your service provider. With this prefix, how many bits are available for your organization to create subnetworks if interface ID bits are not borrowed?
8
16*
80
128
27. What is the subnet address for the IPv6 address 2001:D12:AA04:B5::1/64?
2001::/64
2001:D12::/64​
2001:D12:AA04::/64​
2001:D12:AA04:B5::/64​*
28. Which type of IPv6 address is not routable and used only for communication on a single subnet?
global unicast address
link-local address*
loopback address
unique local address
unspecified address
29. Which address type is not supported in IPv6?
private
multicast
unicast
broadcast*
30. What is the minimum configuration for a router interface that is participating in IPv6 routing?
to have only a link-local IPv6 address*
to have both an IPv4 and an IPv6 address
to have a self-generated loopback address
to have both a link-local and a global unicast IPv6 address
to have only an automatically generated multicast IPv6 address
31. A user calls to report that a PC cannot access the internet. The network technician asks the user to issue the command ping 127.0.0.1 in a command prompt window. The user reports that the result is four positive replies. What conclusion can be drawn based on this connectivity test?
The PC can access the network. The problem exists beyond the local network.
The IP address obtained from the DHCP server is correct.
The PC can access the Internet. However, the web browser may not work.
The TCP/IP implementation is functional.*
32. Which command can be used to test connectivity between two devices using echo request and echo reply messages?
netstat
traceroute
ICMP
Ping*
33. What field content is used by ICMPv6 to determine that a packet has expired?
TTL field
CRC field
Hop Limit field*
Time Exceeded field
34. Which protocol provides feedback from the destination host to the source host about errors in packet delivery?
ARP
BOOTP
DNS
ICMP*
35. Which utility uses the Internet Control Messaging Protocol (ICMP)?
RIP
DNS
Ping*
NTP
36. A network administrator can successfully ping the server at www.cisco.com, but cannot ping the company web server located at an ISP in another city. Which tool or command would help identify the specific router where the packet was lost or delayed?
ipconfig
netstat
telnet
traceroute*
37. Which protocol is used by IPv4 and IPv6 to provide error messaging?
ICMP*
NDP
ARP
DHCP
38. What message is sent by a host to check the uniqueness of an IPv6 address before using that address?
neighbor solicitation*
ARP request
echo request
router solicitation
39. A technician is troubleshooting a network where it is suspected that a defective node in the network path is causing packets to be dropped. The technician only has the IP address of the end point device and does not have any details of the intermediate devices. What command can the technician use to identify the faulty node?
Tracert*
ping
ipconfig /flushdns
ipconfig /displaydns
40. A user who is unable to connect to the file server contacts the help desk. The helpdesk technician asks the user to ping the IP address of the default gateway that is configured on the workstation. What is the purpose for this ping command?
to obtain a dynamic IP address from the server
to request that gateway forward the connection request to the file server
to test that the host has the capability to reach hosts on other networks*
to resolve the domain name of the file server to its IP address
41. What is a function of the tracert command that differs from the ping command when they are used on a workstation?
The tracert command reaches the destination faster.
The tracert command shows the information of routers in the path.*
The tracert command sends one ICMP message to each hop in the path.
The tracert command is used to test the connectivity between two devices.
42. Which ICMP message is used by the traceroute utility during the process of finding the path between two end hosts?
redirect
ping
time exceeded*
destination unreachable
43. Which two things can be determined by using the ping command? (Choose two.)
the number of routers between the source and destination device
the IP address of the router nearest the destination device
the average time it takes a packet to reach the destination and for the response to return to the source*
the destination device is reachable through the network*
the average time it takes each router in the path between source and destination to respond
44. Which statement describes a characteristic of the traceroute utility?
It sends four Echo Request messages.
It utilizes the ICMP Source Quench messages.
It is primarily used to test connectivity between two hosts.
It identifies the routers in the path from a source host to a destination host.*

. Which action is performed by a client when establishing communication with a server via the use of UDP at the transport layer?
The client sets the window size for the session.
The client sends an ISN to the server to start the 3-way handshake.
The client randomly selects a source port number.*
The client sends a synchronization segment to begin the session.
2. Which transport layer feature is used to guarantee session establishment?
UDP ACK flag
TCP 3-way handshake*
UDP sequence number
TCP port number
3. What is the complete range of TCP and UDP well-known ports?
0 to 255
0 to 1023*
256 – 1023
1024 – 49151
4. What is a socket?
the combination of the source and destination IP address and source and destination Ethernet address
the combination of a source IP address and port number or a destination IP address and port number*
the combination of the source and destination sequence and acknowledgment numbers
the combination of the source and destination sequence numbers and port numbers
5. A PC is downloading a large file from a server. The TCP window is 1000 bytes. The server is sending the file using 100-byte segments. How many segments will the server send before it requires an acknowledgment from the PC?
1 segment
10 segments*
100 segments
1000 segments
6. Which factor determines TCP window size?
the amount of data to be transmitted
the number of services included in the TCP segment
the amount of data the destination can process at one time*
the amount of data the source is capable of sending at one time
Explanation:Window is the number of bytes that the sender will send prior to expecting an acknowledgement from the destination device. The initial window is agreed upon during the session startup via the three-way handshake between source and destination. It is determined by how much data the destination device of a TCP session is able to accept and process at one time.
7. What does a client do when it has UDP datagrams to send?
It just sends the datagrams.*
It queries the server to see if it is ready to receive data.
It sends a simplified three-way handshake to the server.
It sends to the server a segment with the SYN flag set to synchronize the conversation.
Explanation: When a client has UDP datagrams to send, it just sends the datagrams.
8. Which three fields are used in a UDP segment header? (Choose three.)
Window Size
Length*
Source Port*
Acknowledgment Number
Checksum*
Sequence Number
Explanation: A UDP header consists of only the Source Port, Destination Port, Length, and Checksum fields. Sequence Number, Acknowledgment Number, and Window Size are TCP header fields.
9. What are two roles of the transport layer in data communication on a network? (Choose two.)
identifying the proper application for each communication stream
tracking the individual communication between applications on the source and destination hosts*
providing frame delimiting to identify bits making up a frame
performing a cyclic redundancy check on the frame for errors
providing the interface between applications and the underlying network over which messages are transmitted
Explanation: The transport layer has several responsibilities. The primary responsibilities include the following:
Tracking the individual communication streams between applications on the source and destination hosts
Segmenting data at the source and reassembling the data at the destination
Identifying the proper application for each communication stream through the use of port numbers
10. What information is used by TCP to reassemble and reorder received segments?
port numbers
sequence numbers*
acknowledgment numbers
fragment numbers
11. What important information is added to the TCP/IP transport layer header to ensure communication and connectivity with a remote network device?
timing and synchronization
destination and source port numbers*
destination and source physical addresses
destination and source logical network addresses
12. Which two characteristics are associated with UDP sessions? (Choose two.)
Destination devices receive traffic with minimal delay.*
Transmitted data segments are tracked.
Destination devices reassemble messages and pass them to an application.
Received data is unacknowledged.*
Unacknowledged data packets are retransmitted.
Explanation:
TCP:
Provides tracking of transmitted data segments
Destination devices will acknowledge received data.
Source devices will retransmit unacknowledged data.
UDP:
Destination devices will not acknowledge received data
Headers use very little overhead and cause minimal delay.​
13. A client application needs to terminate a TCP communication session with a server. Place the termination process steps in the order that they will occur. (Not all options are used.)

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 14 – 15 Exam Answers p13
14. Which flag in the TCP header is used in response to a received FIN in order to terminate connectivity between two network devices?
FIN
ACK*
SYN
RST
15. Which protocol or service uses UDP for a client-to-server communication and TCP for server-to-server communication?
HTTP
FTP
DNS*
SMTP
Explanation: Some applications may use both TCP and UDP. DNS uses UDP when clients send requests to a DNS server, and TCP when two DNS serves directly communicate.
16. What is a characteristic of UDP?
UDP datagrams take the same path and arrive in the correct order at the destination.​
Applications that use UDP are always considered unreliable.​
UDP reassembles the received datagrams in the order they were received.*
UDP only passes data to the network when the destination is ready to receive the data.
Explanation: UDP has no way to reorder the datagrams into their transmission order, so UDP simply reassembles the data in the order it was received and forwards it to the application.​
17. What kind of port must be requested from IANA in order to be used with a specific application?
registered port*
private port
dynamic port
source port
Explanation: Registered ports (numbers 1024 to 49151) are assigned by IANA to a requesting entity to use with specific processes or applications. These processes are primarily individual applications that a user has chosen to install, rather than common applications that would receive a well-known port number. For example, Cisco has registered port 1985 for its Hot Standby Routing Protocol (HSRP) process.​
18. Which three application layer protocols use TCP? (Choose three.)
SMTP*
FTP*
SNMP
HTTP*
TFTP
DHCP
Explanation: Some protocols require the reliable data transport that is provided by TCP. In addition, these protocols do not have real time communication requirements and can tolerate some data loss while minimizing protocol overhead. Examples of these protocols are SMTP, FTP, and HTTP.
19. Which three statements characterize UDP? (Choose three.)
UDP provides basic connectionless transport layer functions.*
UDP provides connection-oriented, fast transport of data at Layer 3.
UDP relies on application layer protocols for error detection.*
UDP is a low overhead protocol that does not provide sequencing or flow control mechanisms.*
UDP relies on IP for error detection and recovery.
UDP provides sophisticated flow control mechanisms.
20. Which two fields are included in the TCP header but not in the UDP header? (Choose two.)
Window*
checksum
source port
destination port
sequence number*
Explanation: The sequence number and window fields are included in the TCP header but not in the UDP header.
21. Which field in the TCP header indicates the status of the three-way handshake process?
window
reserved
checksum
control bits*
Explanation: The value in the control bits field of theTCP header indicates the progress and status of the connection.
22. Why does HTTP use TCP as the transport layer protocol?
to ensure the fastest possible download speed
because HTTP is a best-effort protocol
because transmission errors can be tolerated easily
because HTTP requires reliable delivery*
23. Which two types of applications are best suited for UDP? (Choose two.)
applications that need data flow control
applications that require reliable delivery
applications that handle reliability themselves*
applications that need the reordering of segments
applications that can tolerate some data loss, but require little or no delay*
24. How are port numbers used in the TCP/IP encapsulation process?
Source port numbers and destination port numbers are not necessary when UDP is the transport layer protocol being used for the communication.
Source port and destination port numbers are randomly generated.
If multiple conversations occur that are using the same service, the source port number is used to track the separate conversations.*
Destination port numbers are assigned automatically and cannot be changed.
Explanation: Both UDP and TCP use port numbers to provide a unique identifier for each conversation. Source port numbers are randomly generated and are used to track different conversations. Destination port numbers identify specific services by using either a default port number for the service or a port number that is assigned manually by a system administrator.
25. In what two situations would UDP be better than TCP as the preferred transport protocol? (Choose two.)
when applications need to guarantee that a packet arrives intact, in sequence, and unduplicated
when a faster delivery mechanism is needed*
when delivery overhead is not an issue
when applications do not need to guarantee delivery of the data*
when destination port numbers are dynamic
Explanation: UDP is a very simple transport layer protocol that does not guarantee delivery. Devices on both ends of the conversation are not required to keep track of the conversation. UDP is used as the transport protocol for applications that need a speedy, best-effort delivery.
26. What are three responsibilities of the transport layer? (Choose three.)
meeting the reliability requirements of applications, if any*
multiplexing multiple communication streams from many users or applications on the same network*
identifying the applications and services on the client and server that should handle transmitted data*
directing packets towards the destination network
formatting data into a compatible form for receipt by the destination devices
conducting error detection of the contents in frames
27. Which three statements describe a DHCP Discover message? (Choose three.)
The source MAC address is 48 ones (FF-FF-FF-FF-FF-FF).
The destination IP address is 255.255.255.255.*
The message comes from a server offering an IP address.
The message comes from a client seeking an IP address.*
All hosts receive the message, but only a DHCP server replies.*
Only the DHCP server receives the message.
Explanation: When a host configured to use DHCP powers up on a network it sends a DHCPDISCOVER message. FF-FF-FF-FF-FF-FF is the L2 broadcast address. A DHCP server replies with a unicast DHCPOFFER message back to the host.
28. Which two protocols may devices use in the application process that sends email? (Choose two.)
HTTP
SMTP*
POP
IMAP
DNS*
POP3
29. What is true about the Server Message Block protocol?
Different SMB message types have a different format.
Clients establish a long term connection to servers.*
SMB messages cannot authenticate a session.
SMB uses the FTP protocol for communication.
Explanation: The Server Message Block protocol is a protocol for file, printer, and directory sharing. Clients establish a long term connection to servers and when the connection is active, the resources can be accessed. Every SMB message has the same format. The use of SMB differs from FTP mainly in the length of the sessions. SMB messages can authenticate sessions.
30. What is the function of the HTTP GET message?
to request an HTML page from a web server*
to send error information from a web server to a web client
to upload content to a web server from a web client
to retrieve client email from an email server using TCP port 110
31. Which OSI layer provides the interface between the applications used to communicate and the underlying network over which messages are transmitted?
Application*
presentation
session
transport
32. Which networking model is being used when an author uploads one chapter document to a file server of a book publisher?
peer-to-peer
master-slave
client/server*
point-to-point
Explanation: In the client/server network model, a network device assumes the role of server in order to provide a particular service such as file transfer and storage. In the client/server network model, a dedicated server does not have to be used, but if one is present, the network model being used is the client/server model. In contrast, a peer-to-peer network does not have a dedicated server.
33. What do the client/server and peer-to-peer network models have in common?
Both models have dedicated servers.
Both models support devices in server and client roles.*
Both models require the use of TCP/IP-based protocols.
Both models are used only in the wired network environment.
Explanation: In both the client/server and peer-to-peer network models, clients and servers exist. In peer-to-peer networks, no dedicated server exists, but a device can assume the server role to provide information to a device serving in the client role.
34. In what networking model would eDonkey, eMule, BitTorrent, Bitcoin, and LionShare be used?
peer-to-peer*
client-based
master-slave
point-to-point
Explanation: In a peer-to-peer networking model, data is exchanged between two network devices without the use of a dedicated server. Peer-to-peer applications such as Shareaz, eDonkey, and Bitcoin allow one network device to assume the role of server, while one or more other network devices assume the role of client using the peer-to-peer application.
35. What is a common protocol that is used with peer-to-peer applications such as WireShare, Bearshare, and Shareaza?
Ethernet
Gnutella*
POP
SMTP
36. What is a key characteristic of the peer-to-peer networking model?
wireless networking
social networking without the Internet
network printing using a print server
resource sharing without a dedicated server*
Explanation: The peer-to-peer (P2P) networking model allows data, printer, and resource sharing without a dedicated server.​​
37. The application layer of the TCP/IP model performs the functions of what three layers of the OSI model? (Choose three.)
physical
sesión*
network
presentation*
data link
transport
application*
Explanation: The network access layer of the TCP/IP model performs the same functions as the physical and data link layers of the OSI model. The internetwork layer equates to the network layer of the OSI model. The transport layers are the same in both models. The application layer of the TCP/IP model represents the session, presentation, and application layers of the OSI model.​
38. What is an example of network communication that uses the client-server model?
A user uses eMule to download a file that is shared by a friend after the file location is determined.
A workstation initiates an ARP to find the MAC address of a receiving host.
A user prints a document by using a printer that is attached to a workstation of a coworker.
A workstation initiates a DNS request when the user types www.cisco.com in the address bar of a web browser.*
Explanation: When a user types a domain name of a website into the address bar of a web browser, a workstation needs to send a DNS request to the DNS server for the name resolution process. This request is a client/server model application. The eMule application is P2P. Sharing a printer on a workstation is a peer-to-peer network. Using ARP is just a broadcast message sent by a host.
39. Which layer in the TCP/IP model is used for formatting, compressing, and encrypting data?
internetwork
session
presentation
application*
network access
Explanation: The application layer of the TCP/IP model performs the functions of three layers of the OSI model – application, presentation, and session. The application layer of the TCP/IP model is the layer that provides the interface between the applications, is responsible for formatting, compressing, and encrypting data, and is used to create and maintain dialogs between source and destination applications.
40. What is an advantage of SMB over FTP?​
Only with SMB can data transfers occur in both directions.
Only SMB establishes two simultaneous connections with the client, making the data transfer faster.​
SMB is more reliable than FTP because SMB uses TCP and FTP uses UDP.​
SMB clients can establish a long-term connection to the server.​*
41. A manufacturing company subscribes to certain hosted services from its ISP. The services that are required include hosted world wide web, file transfer, and e-mail. Which protocols represent these three key applications? (Choose three.)
FTP*
HTTP*
DNS
SNMP
DHCP
SMTP*
42. Which application layer protocol uses message types such as GET, PUT, and POST?
DNS
DHCP
SMTP
HTTP*
POP3
Explanation: The GET command is a client request for data from a web server. A PUT command uploads resources and content, such as images, to a web server. A POST command uploads data files to a web server.
43. What type of information is contained in a DNS MX record?
the FQDN of the alias used to identify a service
the IP address for an FQDN entry
the domain name mapped to mail exchange servers*
the IP address of an authoritative name server
Explanation: MX, or mail exchange messages, are used to map a domain name to several mail exchange servers that all belong to the same domain.
44. Which three protocols operate at the application layer of the TCP/IP model? (Choose three.)
ARP
TCP
UDP
FTP*
POP3*
DHCP*
Explanation: FTP, DHCP, and POP3 are application layer protocols. TCP and UDP are transport layer protocols. ARP is a network layer protocol.
45. Which protocol is used by a client to communicate securely with a web server?
SMTP
SMB
IMAP
HTTPS*
Explanation: HTTPS is a secure form of HTTP used to access web content hosted by a web server.
46. Which applications or services allow hosts to act as client and server at the same time?
client/server applications
email applications
P2P applications*
authentication services
47. What are two characteristics of peer-to-peer networks? (Choose two.)
scalability
one way data flow
decentralized resources*
centralized user accounts
resource sharing without a dedicated server*
Explanation: Peer-to-peer networks have decentralized resources because every computer can serve as both a server and a client. One computer might assume the role of server for one transaction while acting as a client for another transaction. Peer-to-peer networks can share resources among network devices without the use of a dedicated server.
48. Which scenario describes a function provided by the transport layer?
A student is using a classroom VoIP phone to call home. The unique identifier burned into the phone is a transport layer address used to contact another network device on the same network.
A student is playing a short web-based movie with sound. The movie and sound are encoded within the transport layer header.
A student has two web browser windows open in order to access two web sites. The transport layer ensures the correct web page is delivered to the correct browser window.*
A corporate worker is accessing a web server located on a corporate network. The transport layer formats the screen so the web page appears properly no matter what device is being used to view the web site.
Explanation: The source and destination port numbers are used to identify the correct application and window within that application.
49. Which three layers of the OSI model provide similar network services to those provided by the application layer of the TCP/IP model? (Choose three.)
physical layer
session layer*
transport layer
application layer*
presentation layer*
data link layer
Explanation: The three upper layers of the OSI model, the session, presentation, and application layers, provide application services similar to those provided by the TCP/IP model application layer. Lower layers of the OSI model are more concerned with data flow.
50. A PC that is communicating with a web server has a TCP window size of 6,000 bytes when sending data and a packet size of 1,500 bytes. Which byte of information will the web server acknowledge after it has received two packets of data from the PC?
3001*
6001
4500
6000
51. A PC that is communicating with a web server has a TCP window size of 6,000 bytes when sending data and a packet size of 1,500 bytes. Which byte of information will the web server acknowledge after it has received three packets of data from the PC?
4501*
6001
6000
4500
52. A PC that is communicating with a web server has a TCP window size of 6,000 bytes when sending data and a packet size of 1,500 bytes. Which byte of information will the web server acknowledge after it has received four packets of data from the PC?
6001*
3001
1501
1500
53. A PC that is communicating with a web server has a TCP window size of 6,000 bytes when sending data and a packet size of 1,500 bytes. Which byte of information will the web server acknowledge after it has received four packets of data from the PC?
6001*
3001
3000
1500
54. A PC that is communicating with a web server has a TCP window size of 6,000 bytes when sending data and a packet size of 1,500 bytes. Which byte of information will the web server acknowledge after it has received two packets of data from the PC?
3001*
4501
3000
1500
55. A PC that is communicating with a web server has a TCP window size of 6,000 bytes when sending data and a packet size of 1,500 bytes. Which byte of information will the web server acknowledge after it has received two packets of data from the PC?
3001*
4501
4500
1500
56. A PC that is communicating with a web server has a TCP window size of 6,000 bytes when sending data and a packet size of 1,500 bytes. Which byte of information will the web server acknowledge after it has received two packets of data from the PC?
3001*
6001
4500
3000
57. A PC that is communicating with a web server has a TCP window size of 6,000 bytes when sending data and a packet size of 1,500 bytes. Which byte of information will the web server acknowledge after it has received two packets of data from the PC?
3001*
6001
6000
3000
58. A PC that is communicating with a web server has a TCP window size of 6,000 bytes when sending data and a packet size of 1,500 bytes. Which byte of information will the web server acknowledge after it has received three packets of data from the PC?
4501*
6001
6000
3000
59. A PC that is communicating with a web server has a TCP window size of 6,000 bytes when sending data and a packet size of 1,500 bytes. Which byte of information will the web server acknowledge after it has received three packets of data from the PC?
4501*
6001
1500
4500
60. A client creates a packet to send to a server. The client is requesting TFTP service. What number will be used as the destination port number in the sending packet?
69*
67
53
80
61. A client creates a packet to send to a server. The client is requesting FTP service. What number will be used as the destination port number in the sending packet?
21*
69
67
80
62. A client creates a packet to send to a server. The client is requesting SSH service. What number will be used as the destination port number in the sending packet?
22*
69
67
80
63. A client creates a packet to send to a server. The client is requesting HTTP service. What number will be used as the destination port number in the sending packet?
80*
67
53
69
64. A client creates a packet to send to a server. The client is requesting POP3 service. What number will be used as the destination port number in the sending packet?
110*
67
53
69
65. A client creates a packet to send to a server. The client is requesting telnet service. What number will be used as the destination port number in the sending packet?
23*
443
161
110
66. A client creates a packet to send to a server. The client is requesting POP3 service. What number will be used as the destination port number in the sending packet?
110*
443
161
80
67. A client creates a packet to send to a server. The client is requesting SNMP service. What number will be used as the destination port number in the sending packet?
161*
443
110
80
68. A client creates a packet to send to a server. The client is requesting SMTP service. What number will be used as the destination port number in the sending packet?
25*
443
161
110
69. A client creates a packet to send to a server. The client is requesting HTTPS service. What number will be used as the destination port number in the sending packet?
443*
161
110
80
Modules 14 – 15: Network Application Communications Exam Answers (Additional)
1. Which action is performed by a client when establishing communication with a server via the use of UDP at the transport layer?
The client sets the window size for the session.
The client sends an ISN to the server to start the 3-way handshake.
The client randomly selects a source port number.*
The client sends a synchronization segment to begin the session.
2. Which transport layer feature is used to guarantee session establishment?
UDP ACK flag
TCP 3-way handshake*
UDP sequence number
TCP port number
3. What is the complete range of TCP and UDP well-known ports?
0 to 255
0 to 1023*
256 – 1023
1024 – 49151
4. What is a socket?
the combination of the source and destination IP address and source and destination Ethernet address
the combination of a source IP address and port number or a destination IP address and port number*
the combination of the source and destination sequence and acknowledgment numbers
the combination of the source and destination sequence numbers and port numbers
5. How does a networked server manage requests from multiple clients for different services?
The server sends all requests through a default gateway.
Each request is assigned source and destination port numbers.*
The server uses IP addresses to identify different services.
Each request is tracked through the physical address of the client.
6. Which two services or protocols use the preferred UDP protocol for fast transmission and low overhead? (Choose two)
FTP
DNS*
HTTP
POP3
VoIP*
7. What is the purpose of using a source port number in a TCP communication?
to notify the remote device that the conversation is over
to assemble the segments that arrived out of order
to keep track of multiple conversations between devices*
to inquire for a nonreceived segment
8. Which number or set of numbers represents a socket?
01-23-45-67-89-AB
21
192.168.1.1:80*
10.1.1.15
9. Which two flags in the TCP header are used in a TCP three-way handshake to establish connectivity between two network devices? (Choose two.)
ACK*
FIN
PSH
RST
SYN*
URG
10. What happens if part of an FTP message is not delivered to the destination?
The message is lost because FTP does not use a reliable delivery method.
The FTP source host sends a query to the destination host.
The part of the FTP message that was lost is re-sent.*
The entire FTP message is re-sent.
11. What type of applications are best suited for using UDP?
applications that are sensitive to delay*
applications that need reliable delivery
applications that require retransmission of lost segments
applications that are sensitive to packet loss
12. Network congestion has resulted in the source learning of the loss of TCP segments that were sent to the destination. What is one way that the TCP protocol addresses this?
The source decreases the amount of data that it transmits before it receives an acknowledgement from the destination.*
The source decreases the window size to decrease the rate of transmission from the destination.
The destination decreases the window size.
The destination sends fewer acknowledgement messages in order to conserve bandwidth.
13. Which two operations are provided by TCP but not by UDP? (Choose two.)
identifying the applications
acknowledging received data*
tracking individual conversations
retransmitting any unacknowledged data*
reconstructing data in the order received
14. What is the TCP mechanism used in congestion avoidance ?
three-way handshake
socket pair
two-way handshake
sliding window*
15. What is a responsibility of transport layer protocols?
providing network access
tracking individual conversations*
determining the best path to forward a packet
translating private IP addresses to public IP addresses
16. Which protocol can be used to transfer messages from an email server to an email client?
SMTP
POP3*
SNMP
HTTP
17. When retrieving email messages, which protocol allows for easy, centralized storage and backup of emails that would be desirable for a small- to medium-sized business?
IMAP*
POP
SMTP
HTTPS
18. Which application layer protocol is used to provide file-sharing and print services to Microsoft applications?
HTTP
SMTP
DHCP
SMB*
19. An author is uploading one chapter document from a personal computer to a file server of a book publisher. What role is the personal computer assuming in this network model?
Client*
master
server
slave
transient
20. Which statement is true about FTP?
The client can choose if FTP is going to establish one or two connections with the server.
The client can download data from or upload data to the server.*
FTP is a peer-to-peer application.
FTP does not provide reliability during data transmission.
21. A wireless host needs to request an IP address. What protocol would be used to process the request?
FTP
HTTP
DHCP*
ICMP
SNMP
22. Which TCP/IP model layer is closest to the end user?
Application*
internet
network access
transport
23. Which three protocols or standards are used at the application layer of the TCP/IP model? (Choose three.)
TCP
HTTP*
MPEG*
GIF*
IP
UDP
24. Which protocol uses encryption?
DHCP
DNS
FTP
HTTPS*
25. Why is DHCP preferred for use on large networks?
Large networks send more requests for domain to IP address resolution than do smaller networks.
DHCP uses a reliable transport layer protocol.
It prevents sharing of files that are copyrighted.
It is a more efficient way to manage IP addresses than static address assignment.*
Hosts on large networks require more IP addressing configuration settings than hosts on small networks.
26. Which two tasks can be performed by a local DNS server? (Choose two.)
providing IP addresses to local hosts
allowing data transfer between two network devices
mapping name-to-IP addresses for internal hosts*
forwarding name resolution requests between servers*
retrieving email messages
27. On a home network, which device is most likely to provide dynamic IP addressing to clients on the home network?
a dedicated file server
a home router*
an ISP DHCP server
a DNS server
28. What part of the URL, http://www.cisco.com/index.html, represents the top-level DNS domain?
.com*
www
http
index
29. What are two characteristics of the application layer of the TCP/IP model? (Choose two.)
responsibility for logical addressing
responsibility for physical addressing
the creation and maintenance of dialogue between source and destination applications*
closest to the end user*
the establishing of window size
30. What message type is used by an HTTP client to request data from a web server?
GET*
POST
PUT
ACK

1. Which component is designed to protect against unauthorized communications to and from a computer?
security center
port scanner
antimalware
antivirus
firewall*
2. Which command will block login attempts on RouterA for a period of 30 seconds if there are 2 failed login attempts within 10 seconds?
RouterA(config)# login block-for 10 attempts 2 within 30
RouterA(config)# login block-for 30 attempts 2 within 10*
RouterA(config)# login block-for 2 attempts 30 within 10
RouterA(config)# login block-for 30 attempts 10 within 2
3. What is the purpose of the network security accounting function?
to require users to prove who they are
to determine which resources a user can access
to keep track of the actions of a user*
to provide challenge and response questions
4. What type of attack may involve the use of tools such as nslookup and fping?
access attack
reconnaissance attack*
denial of service attack
worm attack
5. Match each weakness with an example. (Not all options are used.)

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 16 – 17 Exam Answers p5
6. Match the type of information security threat to the scenario. (Not all options are used.)

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 16 – 17 Exam Answers p6
7. Which example of malicious code would be classified as a Trojan horse?
malware that was written to look like a video game*
malware that requires manual user intervention to spread between systems
malware that attaches itself to a legitimate program and spreads to other programs when launched
malware that can automatically spread from one system to another by exploiting a vulnerability in the target
8. What is the difference between a virus and a worm?
Viruses self-replicate but worms do not.
Worms self-replicate but viruses do not.*
Worms require a host file but viruses do not.
Viruses hide in legitimate programs but worms do not.
Explanation:Worms are able to self-replicate and exploit vulnerabilities on computer networks without user participation.
9. Which attack involves a compromise of data that occurs between two end points?
denial-of-service
man-in-the-middle attack*
extraction of security parameters
username enumeration
Explanation: Threat actors frequently attempt to access devices over the internet through communication protocols. Some of the most popular remote exploits are as follows:
Man-In-the-middle attack (MITM) – The threat actor gets between devices in the system and intercepts all of the data being transmitted. This information could simply be collected or modified for a specific purpose and delivered to its original destination.
Eavesdropping attack – When devices are being installed, the threat actor can intercept data such as security keys that are used by constrained devices to establish communications once they are up and running.
SQL injection (SQLi) – Threat actors uses a flaw in the Structured Query Language (SQL) application that allows them to have access to modify the data or gain administrative privileges.
Routing attack – A threat actor could either place a rogue routing device on the network or modify routing packets to manipulate routers to send all packets to the chosen destination of the threat actor. The threat actor could then drop specific packets, known as selective forwarding, or drop all packets, known as a sinkhole attack.
10. Which type of attack involves an adversary attempting to gather information about a network to identify vulnerabilities?
Reconnaissance*
DoS
dictionary
man-in-the-middle
11. Match the description to the type of firewall filtering. (Not all options are used.)

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 16 – 17 Exam Answers p11
12. What is the purpose of the network security authentication function?
to require users to prove who they are*
to determine which resources a user can access
to keep track of the actions of a user
to provide challenge and response questions
Explanation: Authentication, authorization, and accounting are network services collectively known as AAA. Authentication requires users to prove who they are. Authorization determines which resources the user can access. Accounting keeps track of the actions of the user.
13. Which firewall feature is used to ensure that packets coming into a network are legitimate responses to requests initiated from internal hosts?
stateful packet inspection*
URL filtering
application filtering
packet filtering
14. When applied to a router, which command would help mitigate brute-force password attacks against the router?
exec-timeout 30
service password-encryption
banner motd $Max failed logins = 5$
login block-for 60 attempts 5 within 60*
Explanation: The login block-for command sets a limit on the maximum number of failed login attempts allowed within a defined period of time. If this limit is exceeded, no further logins are allowed for the specified period of time. This helps to mitigate brute-force password cracking since it will significantly increase the amount of time required to crack a password. The exec-timeout command specifies how long the session can be idle before the user is disconnected. The service password-encryption command encrypts the passwords in the running configuration. The banner motd command displays a message to users who are logging in to the device.
15. Identify the steps needed to configure a switch for SSH. The answer order does not matter. (Not all options are used.)

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 16 – 17 Exam Answers p15
Explanation: The login and password cisco commands are used with Telnet switch configuration, not SSH configuration.
16. What feature of SSH makes it more secure than Telnet for a device management connection?
confidentiality with IPsec
stronger password requirement
random one-time port connection
login information and data encryption*
Explanation: Secure Shell (SSH) is a protocol that provides a secure management connection to a remote device. SSH provides security by providing encryption for both authentication (username and password) and the transmitted data. Telnet is a protocol that uses unsecure plaintext transmission. SSH is assigned to TCP port 22 by default. Although this port can be changed in the SSH server configuration, the port is not dynamically changed. SSH does not use IPsec.
17. What is the advantage of using SSH over Telnet?
SSH is easier to use.
SSH operates faster than Telnet.
SSH provides secure communications to access hosts.*
SSH supports authentication for a connection request.
Explanation: SSH provides a secure method for remote access to hosts by encrypting network traffic between the SSH client and remote hosts. Although both Telnet and SSH request authentication before a connection is established, Telnet does not support encryption of login credentials.
18. What is the role of an IPS?
detecting and blocking of attacks in real time*
connecting global threat information to Cisco network security devices
authenticating and validating traffic
filtering of nefarious websites
Explanation: An intrusion prevention system (IPS) provides real-time detection and blocking of attacks.
19. A user is redesigning a network for a small company and wants to ensure security at a reasonable price. The user deploys a new application-aware firewall with intrusion detection capabilities on the ISP connection. The user installs a second firewall to separate the company network from the public network. Additionally, the user installs an IPS on the internal network of the company. What approach is the user implementing?
attack based
risk based
structured
layered*
Explanation: Using different defenses at various points of the network creates a layered approach.
20. What is an accurate description of redundancy?
configuring a router with a complete MAC address database to ensure that all frames can be forwarded to the correct destination
configuring a switch with proper security to ensure that all traffic forwarded through an interface is filtered
designing a network to use multiple virtual devices to ensure that all traffic uses the best path through the internetwork
designing a network to use multiple paths between switches to ensure there is no single point of failure*
Explanation: Redundancy attempts to remove any single point of failure in a network by using multiple physically cabled paths between switches in the network.
21. A network administrator is upgrading a small business network to give high priority to real-time applications traffic. What two types of network services is the network administrator trying to accommodate? (Choose two.)
voice*
video*
instant messaging
FTP
SNMP
22. What is the purpose of a small company using a protocol analyzer utility to capture network traffic on the network segments where the company is considering a network upgrade?
to identify the source and destination of local network traffic
to capture the Internet connection bandwidth requirement
to document and analyze network traffic requirements on each network segment*
to establish a baseline for security analysis after the network is upgraded
Explanation: An important prerequisite for considering network growth is to understand the type and amount of traffic that is crossing the network as well as the current traffic flow. By using a protocol analyzer in each network segment, the network administrator can document and analyze the network traffic pattern for each segment, which becomes the base in determining the needs and means of the network growth.
23. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 16 – 17 Exam Answers p23
An administrator is testing connectivity to a remote device with the IP address 10.1.1.1. What does the output of this command indicate?
Connectivity to the remote device was successful.
A router along the path did not have a route to the destination.*
A ping packet is being blocked by a security device along the path.
The connection timed out while waiting for a reply from the remote device.
Explanation: In the output of the ping command, an exclamation mark (!) indicates a response was successfully received, a period (.) indicates that the connection timed out while waiting for a reply, and the letter “U” indicates that a router along the path did not have a route to the destination and sent an ICMP destination unreachable message back to the source.
24. Which method is used to send a ping message specifying the source address for the ping?
Issue the ping command from within interface configuration mode.
Issue the ping command without specifying a destination IP address.*
Issue the ping command without extended commands.
Issue the ping command after shutting down un-needed interfaces.
Explanation: By issuing the ping command without a destination IP address in privileged EXEC mode, the Cisco IOS enters extended ping mode. This allows the user to implement extended commands which include source IP address.​
25. A network engineer is analyzing reports from a recently performed network baseline. Which situation would depict a possible latency issue?
a change in the bandwidth according to the show interfaces output
a next-hop timeout from a traceroute
an increase in host-to-host ping response times*
a change in the amount of RAM according to the show version output
Explanation: While analyzing historical reports an administrator can compare host-to-host timers from the ping command and depict possible latency issues.​
26. Which statement is true about Cisco IOS ping indicators?​
‘!’ indicates that the ping was unsuccessful and that the device may have issues finding a DNS server.
‘U’ may indicate that a router along the path did not contain a route to the destination address and that the ping was unsuccessful.*
‘.’ indicates that the ping was successful but the response time was longer than normal.
A combination of ‘.’ and ‘!’ indicates that a router along the path did not have a route to the destination address and responded with an ICMP unreachable message.​
Explanation: The most common indicators of a ping issued from the Cisco IOS are “!”, “.”, and “U”. The “!” indicates that the ping completed successfully, verifying connectivity at Layer 3. The “.” may indicate that a connectivity problem, routing problem, or device security issue exists along the path and that an ICMP destination unreachable message was not provided. The “U” indicates that a router along the path may not have had a route to the destination address, and that it responded with an ICMP unreachable message.
27. A user reports a lack of network connectivity. The technician takes control of the user machine and attempts to ping other computers on the network and these pings fail. The technician pings the default gateway and that also fails. What can be determined for sure by the results of these tests?
The NIC in the PC is bad.
The TCP/IP protocol is not enabled.
The router that is attached to the same network as the workstation is down.
Nothing can be determined for sure at this point.*
Explanation: In networks today, a failed ping could mean that the other devices on the network are blocking pings. Further investigation such as checking network connectivity from other devices on the same network is warranted.
28. A network technician issues the C:\> tracert -6 www.cisco.com command on a Windows PC. What is the purpose of the -6 command option?
It forces the trace to use IPv6.*
It limits the trace to only 6 hops.
It sets a 6 milliseconds timeout for each replay.
It sends 6 probes within each TTL time period.
29. Why would a network administrator use the tracert utility?
to determine the active TCP connections on a PC
to check information about a DNS name in the DNS server
to identify where a packet was lost or delayed on a network*
to display the IP address, default gateway, and DNS server address for a PC
Explanation: The tracert utility is used to identify the path a packet takes from source to destination. Tracert is commonly used when packets are dropped or not reaching a specific destination.
30. A ping fails when performed from router R1 to directly connected router R2. The network administrator then proceeds to issue the show cdp neighbors command. Why would the network administrator issue this command if the ping failed between the two routers?
The network administrator suspects a virus because the ping command did not work.
The network administrator wants to verify Layer 2 connectivity.*
The network administrator wants to verify the IP address configured on router R2.
The network administrator wants to determine if connectivity can be established from a non-directly connected network.
Explanation: The show cdp neighbors command can be used to prove that Layer 1 and Layer 2 connectivity exists between two Cisco devices. For example, if two devices have duplicate IP addresses, a ping between the devices will fail, but the output of show cdp neighbors will be successful. The show cdp neighbors detail could be used to verify the IP address of the directly connected device in case the same IP address is assigned to the two routers.
31. A network engineer is troubleshooting connectivity issues among interconnected Cisco routers and switches. Which command should the engineer use to find the IP address information, host name, and IOS version of neighboring network devices?
show version
show ip route
show interfaces
show cdp neighbors detail*
Explanation: The show cdp neighbors detail command reveals much information about neighboring Cisco devices, including the IP address, the capabilities, host name, and IOS version. The show interfaces and show version commands display information about the local device.
32. What information about a Cisco router can be verified using the show version command?
the routing protocol version that is enabled
the value of the configuration register*
the operational status of serial interfaces
the administrative distance used to reach networks
Explanation: The value of the configuration register can be verified with the show version command.
33. Which command should be used on a Cisco router or switch to allow log messages to be displayed on remotely connected sessions using Telnet or SSH?
debug all
logging synchronous
show running-config​
terminal monitor*
34. Which command can an administrator issue on a Cisco router to send debug messages to the vty lines?
terminal monitor*
logging console
logging buffered
logging synchronous
Explanation: Debug messages, like other IOS log messages, are sent to the console line by default. Sending these messages to the terminal lines requires the terminal monitor command.
35. By following a structured troubleshooting approach, a network administrator identified a network issue after a conversation with the user. What is the next step that the administrator should take?
Verify full system functionality.
Test the theory to determine cause.
Establish a theory of probable causes.*
Establish a plan of action to resolve the issue.
Explanation: A structured network troubleshooting approach should include these steps in sequence:
1. Identify the problem.
2. Establish a theory of probable causes.
3. Test the theory to determine cause.
4. Establish a plan of action to resolve the issue.
5. Verify full system functionality and implement preventive measures.
6. Document findings, actions, and outcomes.
36. Users are complaining that they are unable to browse certain websites on the Internet. An administrator can successfully ping a web server via its IP address, but cannot browse to the domain name of the website. Which troubleshooting tool would be most useful in determining where the problem is?
netstat
tracert
nslookup*
ipconfig
Explanation: The nslookup command can be used to look up information about a particular DNS name in the DNS server. The information includes the IP address of the DNS server being used as well as the IP address associated with the specified DNS name. This command can help verify the DNS that is used and if the domain name to IP address resolution works.
37. An employee complains that a Windows PC cannot connect to the Internet. A network technician issues the ipconfig command on the PC and is shown an IP address of 169.254.10.3. Which two conclusions can be drawn? (Choose two.)
The PC cannot contact a DHCP server.*
The DNS server address is misconfigured.
The default gateway address is not configured.
The PC is configured to obtain an IP address automatically.*
The enterprise network is misconfigured for dynamic routing.
38. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 16 – 17 Exam Answers p38
Host H3 is having trouble communicating with host H1. The network administrator suspects a problem exists with the H3 workstation and wants to prove that there is no problem with the R2 configuration. What tool could the network administrator use on router R2 to prove that communication exists to host H1 from the interface on R2, which is the interface that H3 uses when communicating with remote networks?
traceroute
show cdp neighbors
Telnet
an extended ping*
39. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 16 – 17 Exam Answers p39
Baseline documentation for a small company had ping round trip time statistics of 36/97/132 between hosts H1 and H3. Today the network administrator checked connectivity by pinging between hosts H1 and H3 that resulted in a round trip time of 1458/2390/6066. What does this indicate to the network administrator?
Connectivity between H1 and H3 is fine.
H3 is not connected properly to the network.
Something is causing interference between H1 and R1.
Performance between the networks is within expected parameters.
Something is causing a time delay between the networks.*
40. Which network service automatically assigns IP addresses to devices on the network?
DHCP*
Telnet
DNS
traceroute
Explanation: Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) can be used to allow end devices to automatically configure IP information, such as their IP address, subnet mask, DNS server, and default gateway. The DNS service is used to provide domain name resolution, mapping hostnames to IP addresses. Telnet is a method for remotely accessing a CLI session of a switch or router. Traceroute is a command used to determine the path a packet takes as it traverses the network.
41. Which command can an administrator execute to determine what interface a router will use to reach remote networks?
show arp
show interfaces
show ip route*
show protocols
Explanation: The show ip route command is used to display the IP routing table of the router. The IP routing table will show a list of known local and remote networks and the interfaces that the router will use to reach those networks.
42. On which two interfaces or ports can security be improved by configuring executive timeouts? (Choose two.)
Fast Ethernet interfaces
console ports*
serial interfaces
vty ports*
loopback interfaces
Explanation: Executive timeouts allow the Cisco device to automatically disconnect users after they have been idle for the specified time. Console, vty, and aux ports can be configured with executive timeouts.
43. When configuring SSH on a router to implement secure network management, a network engineer has issued the login local and transport input ssh line vty commands. What three additional configuration actions have to be performed to complete the SSH configuration? (Choose three.)
Set the user privilege levels.
Generate the asymmetric RSA keys.*
Configure the correct IP domain name.*
Configure role-based CLI access.
Create a valid local username and password database.*
Manually enable SSH after the RSA keys are generated.
Explanation: SSH is automatically enabled after the RSA keys are generated. Setting user privilege levels and configuring role-based CLI access are good security practices but are not a requirement of implementing SSH.
44. What is considered the most effective way to mitigate a worm attack?
Change system passwords every 30 days.
Ensure that all systems have the most current virus definitions.
Ensure that AAA is configured in the network.
Download security updates from the operating system vendor and patch all vulnerable systems.*
Explanation: Because worms take advantage of vulnerabilities in the system itself, the most effective way to mitigate worm attacks is to download security updates from the operating system vendor and patch all vulnerable systems.
45. Which statement describes the ping and tracert commands?
Tracert shows each hop, while ping shows a destination reply only.*
Tracert uses IP addresses; ping does not.
Both ping and tracert can show results in a graphical display.
Ping shows whether the transmission is successful; tracert does not.
Explanation: The ping utility tests end-to-end connectivity between the two hosts. However, if the message does not reach the destination, there is no way to determine where the problem is located. On the other hand, the traceroute utility (tracert in Windows) traces the route a message takes from its source to the destination. Traceroute displays each hop along the way and the time it takes for the message to get to that network and back.
46. A technician is to document the current configurations of all network devices in a college, including those in off-site buildings. Which protocol would be best to use to securely access the network devices?
FTP
HTTP
SSH*
Telnet
Explanation: Telnet sends passwords and other information in clear text, while SSH encrypts its data. FTP and HTTP do not provide remote device access for configuration purposes.
47. Open the PT Activity. Perform the tasks in the activity instructions and then answer the question.

CCNA 1 v7.0 Modules 16 – 17 Exam Answers p47
Which command has to be configured on the router to complete the SSH configuration?
service password-encryption
transport input ssh*
enable secret class
ip domain-name cisco.com
Explanation: The missing command to complete the SSH configuration is transport input ssh in line vty 0 4 mode.The commands service password-encryption and enable secret class do configure secure features on the router, but are not required to configure SSH. The command ip domain-name cisco.com is not required because the command ip domain-name span.com has been used.
48. An administrator decides to use “WhatAreyouwaiting4” as the password on a newly installed router. Which statement applies to the password choice?
It is strong because it uses a passphrase.*
It is weak because it is often the default password on new devices.
It is weak since it uses easily found personal information.
It is weak since it is a word that is easily found in the dictionary.
49. An administrator decides to use “pR3s!d7n&0” as the password on a newly installed router. Which statement applies to the password choice?
It is strong because it uses a minimum of 10 numbers, letters and special characters.*
It is weak because it is often the default password on new devices.
It is weak since it uses easily found personal information.
It is weak since it is a word that is easily found in the dictionary.
50. An administrator decides to use “5$7*4#033!” as the password on a newly installed router. Which statement applies to the password choice?
It is strong because it contains 10 numbers and special characters.*
It is weak because it is often the default password on new devices.
It is weak since it uses easily found personal information.
It is strong because it uses a minimum of 10 numbers, letters and special characters.
51. An administrator decides to use “pR3s!d7n&0” as the password on a newly installed router. Which statement applies to the password choice?
It is strong because it uses a minimum of 10 numbers, letters and special characters.*
It is weak since it is a word that is easily found in the dictionary.
It is strong because it uses a passphrase.
It is strong because it contains 10 numbers and special characters.
52. An administrator decides to use “12345678!” as the password on a newly installed router. Which statement applies to the password choice?
It is weak because it uses a series of numbers or letters.*
It is strong because it uses a passphrase.
It is weak since it is a word that is easily found in the dictionary.
It is strong because it uses a minimum of 10 numbers, letters and special characters.
53. An administrator decides to use “admin” as the password on a newly installed router. Which statement applies to the password choice?
It is weak because it is often the default password on new devices.*
It is strong because it uses a passphrase.
It is strong because it uses a minimum of 10 numbers, letters and special characters.
It is strong because it contains 10 numbers and special characters.
54. An administrator decides to use “Feb121978” as the password on a newly installed router. Which statement applies to the password choice?
It is weak because it uses easily found personal information.*
It is strong because it uses a passphrase.
It is weak since it is a word that is easily found in the dictionary.
It is strong because it uses a minimum of 10 numbers, letters and special characters.
55. An administrator decides to use “password” as the password on a newly installed router. Which statement applies to the password choice?
It is weak because it is a commonly used password.*
It is weak since it is a word that is easily found in the dictionary.
It is strong because it uses a passphrase.
It is strong because it uses a minimum of 10 numbers, letters and special characters.
56. An administrator decides to use “RobErT” as the password on a newly installed router. Which statement applies to the password choice?
It is weak since it uses easily found personal information.*
It is strong because it uses a passphrase.
It is strong because it uses a minimum of 10 numbers, letters and special characters.
It is strong because it contains 10 numbers and special characters.
57. An administrator decides to use “Elizabeth” as the password on a newly installed router. Which statement applies to the password choice?
It is weak because it uses easily found personal information.*
It is strong because it uses a passphrase.
It is weak since it is a word that is easily found in the dictionary.
It is strong because it uses a minimum of 10 numbers, letters and special characters.
Rules for strong passwords:
* minimum of 8 characters, preferably 10.
* use complex combinations of numbers, special characters, and upper and lower case letters.
* avoid repetition, common dictionary words, letter or number sequences.
* avoid names of children, relatives, pets, birthdays, or any easily identifiable personal information.
* can be created by misspelling words or replacing vowels with numbers or special characters.
58. A network technician is troubleshooting an issue and needs to verify the IP addresses of all interfaces on a router. What is the best command to use to accomplish the task?
show ip interface brief*
nslookup
ipconfig getifaddr en0
show ip route
59. Students who are connected to the same switch are having slower than normal response times. The administrator suspects a duplex setting issue. What is the best command to use to accomplish the task?
show interfaces*
ipconfig getifaddr en0
copy running-config startup-config
show ip nat translations
60. A user wants to know the IP address of the PC. What is the best command to use to accomplish the task?
Ipconfig*
copy running-config startup-config
show interfaces
show ip nat translations
61. A student wants to save a router configuration to NVRAM. What is the best command to use to accomplish the task?
copy running-config startup-config*
show interfaces
show ip nat translations
show ip route
62. A support technician needs to know the IP address of the wireless interface on a MAC. What is the best command to use to accomplish the task?
ipconfig getifaddr en0*
copy running-config startup-config
show interfaces
show ip nat translations
63. A network technician is troubleshooting an issue and needs to verify all of the IPv6 interface addresses on a router. What is the best command to use to accomplish the task?
show ipv6 interface*
show interfaces
show ip nat translations
show ip route
64. A teacher is having difficulties connecting his PC to the classroom network. He needs to verify that a default gateway is configured correctly. What is the best command to use to accomplish the task?
Ipconfig*
copy running-config startup-config
show interfaces
show ip nat translations
65. Only employees connected to IPv6 interfaces are having difficulty connecting to remote networks. The analyst wants to verify that IPv6 routing has been enabled. What is the best command to use to accomplish the task?
show running-config*
show interfaces
copy running-config startup-config
show ip nat translations
66. An administrator is troubleshooting connectivity issues and needs to determine the IP address of a website. What is the best command to use to accomplish the task?
Nslookup*
show ipv6 route
show ipv6 interface
copy startup-config running-config
67. Only employees connected to IPv6 interfaces are having difficulty connecting to remote networks. The analyst wants to verify that IPv6 routing has been enabled. What is the best command to use to accomplish the task?
show running-config*
show ipv6 route
show ipv6 interface
copy startup-config running-config
Modules 16 – 17: Building and Securing a Small Network Exam Answers (Additional)
1. Which component is designed to protect against unauthorized communications to and from a computer?
security center
port scanner
antimalware
antivirus
firewall*
2. Which command will block login attempts on RouterA for a period of 30 seconds if there are 2 failed login attempts within 10 seconds?
RouterA(config)# login block-for 10 attempts 2 within 30
RouterA(config)# login block-for 30 attempts 2 within 10*
RouterA(config)# login block-for 2 attempts 30 within 10
RouterA(config)# login block-for 30 attempts 10 within 2
3. What is the purpose of the network security accounting function?
to require users to prove who they are
to determine which resources a user can access
to keep track of the actions of a user*
to provide challenge and response questions
4. What type of attack may involve the use of tools such as nslookup and fping?
access attack
reconnaissance attack*
denial of service attack
worm attack
5. Which benefit does SSH offer over Telnet for remotely managing a router?
Encryption*
TCP usage
authorization
connections via multiple VTY lines
6. What is one of the most effective security tools available for protecting users from external threats?
Firewalls*
router that run AAA services
patch servers
password encryption techniques
7. Which type of network threat is intended to prevent authorized users from accessing resources?
DoS attacks*
access attacks
reconnaissance attacks
trust exploitation
8. Which three services are provided by the AAA framework? (Choose three.)
accounting*
automation
authorization*
authentication*
autobalancing
autoconfiguration
9. Which malicious code attack is self-contained and tries to exploit a specific vulnerability in a system being attacked?
virus
worm*
Trojan horse
social engineering
10. Some routers and switches in a wiring closet malfunctioned after an air conditioning unit failed. What type of threat does this situation describe?
configuration
environmental*
electrical
maintenance
11. What does the term vulnerability mean?
a weakness that makes a target susceptible to an attack*
a computer that contains sensitive information
a method of attack to exploit a target
a known target or victim machine
a potential threat that a hacker creates
12. What three configuration steps must be performed to implement SSH access to a router? (Choose three.)
a password on the console line
an IP domain name*
a user account*
an enable mode password
a unique hostname*
an encrypted password
13. What is the objective of a network reconnaissance attack?
discovery and mapping of systems*
unauthorized manipulation of data
disabling network systems or services
denying access to resources by legitimate users
14. For security reasons a network administrator needs to ensure that local computers cannot ping each other. Which settings can accomplish this task?
smartcard settings
firewall settings*
MAC address settings
file system settings
15. A network administrator establishes a connection to a switch via SSH. What characteristic uniquely describes the SSH connection?
out-of-band access to a switch through the use of a virtual terminal with password authentication
remote access to the switch through the use of a telephone dialup connection
on-site access to a switch through the use of a directly connected PC and a console cable
remote access to a switch where data is encrypted during the session*
direct access to the switch through the use of a terminal emulation program
16. Which network design consideration would be more important to a large corporation than to a small business?
Internet router
firewall
low port density switch
redundancy*
17. A newly hired network technician is given the task of ordering new hardware for a small business with a large growth forecast. Which primary factor should the technician be concerned with when choosing the new devices?
devices with a fixed number and type of interfaces
devices that have support for network monitoring
redundant devices
devices with support for modularity*
18. What type of traffic would most likely have the highest priority through the network?
FTP
instant messaging
voice*
SNMP
19. A network technician is investigating network connectivity from a PC to a remote host with the address 10.1.1.5. Which command, when issued on a Windows PC, will display the path to the remote host?
trace 10.1.1.5
traceroute 10.1.1.5
tracert 10.1.1.5*
ping 10.1.1.5
20. A user is unable to reach the website when typing ht​tp://ww​w.cisco.com in a web browser, but can reach the same site by typing ht​tp://72.163.4.161. What is the issue?
default gateway
DHCP
DNS*
TCP/IP protocol stack
21. Where are Cisco IOS debug output messages sent by default?
memory buffers
vty lines
Syslog server
console line*
22. Which element of scaling a network involves identifying the physical and logical topologies?
traffic analysis
network documentation*
device inventory
cost analysis
23. What mechanism can be implemented in a small network to help minimize network latency for real-time streaming applications?
QoS*
PoE
AAA
ICMP
24. Which process failed if a computer cannot access the internet and received an IP address of 169.254.142.5?
IP
DNS
DHCP*
HTTP
25. A small company has only one router as the exit point to its ISP. Which solution could be adopted to maintain connectivity if the router itself, or its connection to the ISP, fails?
Activate another router interface that is connected to the ISP, so the traffic can flow through it.
Have a second router that is connected to another ISP.*
Purchase a second least-cost link from another ISP to connect to this router.
Add more interfaces to the router that is connected to the internal network.
26. When should an administrator establish a network baseline?
when the traffic is at peak in the network
when there is a sudden drop in traffic
at the lowest point of traffic in the network
at regular intervals over a period of time*
27. Which two traffic types require delay sensitive delivery? (Choose two.)
email
web
FTP
Voice*
Video*
28. A network technician suspects that a particular network connection between two Cisco switches is having a duplex mismatch. Which command would the technician use to see the Layer 1 and Layer 2 details of a switch port?
show interfaces*
show running-config
show ip interface brief​
show mac-address-table
29. Which statement is true about CDP on a Cisco device?​
The show cdp neighbor detail command will reveal the IP address of a neighbor only if there is Layer 3 connectivity​.
To disable CDP globally, the no cdp enable command in interface configuration mode must be used.
CDP can be disabled globally or on a specific interface​.*
Because it runs at the data link layer​, the CDP protocol can only be implemented in switches.
30. What factor should be considered in the design of a small network when devices are being chosen?
cost of devices*
redundancy
traffic analysis
ISP

. A client packet is received by a server. The packet has a destination port number of 22. What service is the client requesting?
SSH*
TFTP
DHCP
DNS
2. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7 ITN Practice Final Exam Answers p2
What does the value of the window size specify?
the amount of data that can be sent at one time
the amount of data that can be sent before an acknowledgment is required*
the total number of bits received during this TCP session
a random number that is used in establishing a connection with the 3-way handshake
Explanation: The window size determines the number of bytes that can be sent before expecting an acknowledgment. The acknowledgment number is the number of the next expected byte.
3. To which TCP port group does the port 414 belong?
well-known*
private or dynamic
public
registered
Explanation: Well Known Ports: 0 through 1023.
Registered Ports: 1024 through 49151.
Dynamic/Private : 49152 through 65535.
4. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7 ITN Practice Final Exam Answers p4
An administrator is trying to configure the switch but receives the error message that is displayed in the exhibit. What is the problem?
The entire command, configure terminal, must be used.
The administrator is already in global configuration mode.
The administrator must first enter privileged EXEC mode before issuing the command.*
The administrator must connect via the console port to access global configuration mode.
Explanation: In order to enter global configuration mode, the command configure terminal, or a shortened version such as config t, must be entered from privileged EXEC mode. In this scenario the administrator is in user EXEC mode, as indicated by the > symbol after the hostname. The administrator would need to use the enable command to move into privileged EXEC mode before entering the configure terminal command.
5. What is a user trying to determine when issuing a ping 10.1.1.1 command on a PC?
if the TCP/IP stack is functioning on the PC without putting traffic on the wire
if there is connectivity with the destination device*
the path that traffic will take to reach the destination
what type of device is at the destination
Explanation: The ping destination command can be used to test connectivity.
6. What is a characteristic of a switch virtual interface (SVI)?​
An SVI is created in software and requires a configured IP address and a subnet mask in order to provide remote access to the switch.*
Although it is a virtual interface, it needs to have physical hardware on the device associated with it.
SVIs do not require the no shutdown command to become enabled.
SVIs come preconfigured on Cisco switches.
Explanation: Cisco IOS Layer 2 switches have physical ports for devices to connect. These ports do not support Layer 3 IP addresses. Therefore, switches have one or more switch virtual interfaces (SVIs). These are virtual interfaces because there is no physical hardware on the device associated with it. An SVI is created in software.
The virtual interface lets you remotely manage a switch over a network using IPv4 and IPv6. Each switch comes with one SVI appearing in the default configuration “out-of-the-box.” The default SVI is interface VLAN1.
7. Match the descriptions to the terms. (Not all options are used.)

CCNA 1 v7 ITN Practice Final Exam Answers p7
8. What happens when a switch receives a frame and the calculated CRC value is different than the value that is in the FCS field?
The switch notifies the source of the bad frame.
The switch places the new CRC value in the FCS field and forwards the frame.
The switch drops the frame.*
The switch floods the frame to all ports except the port through which the frame arrived to notify the hosts of the error.
9. Two network engineers are discussing the methods used to forward frames through a switch. What is an important
concept related to the cut-through method of switching?
The fragment-free switching offers the lowest level of latency.*
Fast-forward switching can be viewed as a compromise between store-and-forward switching and fragment-free switching.
Fragment-free switching is the typical cut-through method of switching.
Packets can be relayed with errors when fast-forward switching is used.
10. Which two issues can cause both runts and giants in Ethernet networks? (Choose two.)
using the incorrect cable type*
half-duplex operations
a malfunctioning NIC*
electrical interference on serial interfaces
CRC errors
11. Which two functions are performed at the LLC sublayer of the OSI Data Link Layer to facilitate Ethernet communication? (Choose two.)
places information in the Ethernet frame that identifies which network layer protocol is being encapsulated by the frame*
adds Ethernet control information to network protocol data*
implements CSMA/CD over legacy shared half-duplex media
applies source and destination MAC addresses to Ethernet frame
integrates Layer 2 flows between 10 Gigabit Ethernet over fiber and 1 Gigabit Ethernet over copper
12. Which two commands could be used to check if DNS name resolution is working properly on a Windows PC? (Choose two.)
nslookup cisco.com*
ping cisco.com*
ipconfig /flushdns
net cisco.com
nbtstat cisco.com
13. A small advertising company has a web server that provides critical business service. The company connects to the Internet through a leased line service to an ISP. Which approach best provides cost effective redundancy for the Internet connection?
Add a second NIC to the web server.
Add a connection to the Internet via a DSL line to another ISP.*
Add another web server to prepare failover support.
Add multiple connections between the switches and the edge router.
14. Only employees connected to IPv6 interfaces are having difficulty connecting to remote networks. The analyst wants to verify that IPv6 routing has been enabled. What is the best command to use to accomplish the task?
copy running-config startup-config
show interfaces
show ip nat translations
show running-config*
15. Refer to the exhibit. A network administrator is connecting a new host to the Registrar LAN. The host needs to communicate with remote networks. What IP address would be configured as the default gateway on the new host?
Floor(config)# interface gi0/1
Floor(config-if)# description Connects to the Registrar LAN
Floor(config-if)# ip address 192.168.235.234 255.255.255.0
Floor(config-if)# no shutdown
Floor(config-if)# interface gi0/0
Floor(config-if)# description Connects to the Manager LAN
Floor(config-if)# ip address 192.168.234.114 255.255.255.0
Floor(config-if)# no shutdown
Floor(config-if)# interface s0/0/0
Floor(config-if)# description Connects to the ISP
Floor(config-if)# ip address 10.234.235.254 255.255.255.0
Floor(config-if)# no shutdown
Floor(config-if)# interface s0/0/1
Floor(config-if)# description Connects to the Head Office WAN
Floor(config-if)# ip address 203.0.113.3 255.255.255.0
Floor(config-if)# no shutdown
Floor(config-if)# end
192.168.235.234*
203.0.113.3
192.168.235.1
10.234.235.254
192.168.234.114
16. Match the command with the device mode at which the command is entered. (Not all options are used.)

CCNA 1 v7 ITN Practice Final Exam Answers p16
Explanation: The enable command is entered in R1> mode. The login command is entered in R1(config-line)# mode. The copy running-config startup-config command is entered in R1# mode. The ip address 192.168.4.4 255.255.255.0 command is entered in R1(config-if)# mode. The service password-encryption command is entered in global configuration mode.
17. A router boots and enters setup mode. What is the reason for this?
The IOS image is corrupt.
Cisco IOS is missing from flash memory.
The configuration file is missing from NVRAM.*
The POST process has detected hardware failure.
Explanation: The startup configuration file is stored in NVRAM and contains the commands needed to initially configure a router. It also creates the running configuration file that is stored in in RAM.
18. What service is provided by POP3?
Retrieves email from the server by downloading the email to the local mail application of the client.*
An application that allows real-time chatting among remote users.
Allows remote access to network devices and servers.
Uses encryption to provide secure remote access to network devices and servers.
19. Two students are working on a network design project. One student is doing the drawing, while the other student is writing the proposal. The drawing is finished and the student wants to share the folder that contains the drawing so that the other student can access the file and copy it to a USB drive. Which networking model is being used?
peer-to-peer*
client-based
master-slave
point-to-point
Explanation: In a peer-to-peer (P2P) networking model, data is exchanged between two network devices without the use of a dedicated server.
20. Which command is used to manually query a DNS server to resolve a specific host name?
tracert
ipconfig /displaydns
nslookup*
net
21. Which PDU is processed when a host computer is de-encapsulating a message at the transport layer of the TCP/IP model?
bits
frame
packet
segment*
Explanation: At the transport layer, a host computer will de-encapsulate a segment to reassemble data to an acceptable format by the application layer protocol of the TCP/IP model.
22. Which two OSI model layers have the same functionality as two layers of the TCP/IP model? (Choose two.)
data link
network*
physical
session
transport*
Explanation: The OSI transport layer is functionally equivalent to the TCP/IP transport layer, and the OSI network layer is equivalent to the TCP/IP internet layer. The OSI data link and physical layers together are equivalent to the TCP/IP network access layer. The OSI session layer (with the presentation layer) is included within the TCP/IP application layer.
23. Which three layers of the OSI model are comparable in function to the application layer of the TCP/IP model? (Choose three.)
presentation*
physical
network
data link
transport
application*
sesión*
24. Network information:
* local router LAN interface: 172.19.29.254 / fe80:65ab:dcc1::10
* local router WAN interface: 198.133.219.33 / 2001:db8:FACE:39::10
* remote server: 192.135.250.103
What task might a user be trying to accomplish by using the ping 2001:db8:FACE:39::10 command?
verifying that there is connectivity within the local network
creating a network performance benchmark to a server on the company intranet
determining the path to reach the remote server
verifying that there is connectivity to the internet*
25. Which two ICMP messages are used by both IPv4 and IPv6 protocols? (Choose two.)​
neighbor solicitation
router advertisement
router solicitation
protocol unreachable*
route redirection
26. A network technician types the command ping 127.0.0.1 at the command prompt on a computer. What is the technician trying to accomplish?
pinging a host computer that has the IP address 127.0.0.1 on the network
tracing the path to a host computer on the network and the network has the IP address 127.0.0.1
checking the IP address on the network card
testing the integrity of the TCP/IP stack on the local machine*
27. Although CSMA/CD is still a feature of Ethernet, why is it no longer necessary?
the virtually unlimited availability of IPv6 addresses
the use of CSMA/CA
the use of full-duplex capable Layer 2 switches*
the development of half-duplex switch operation
the use of Gigabit Ethernet speeds
Explanation: The use of Layer 2 switches operating in full-duplex mode eliminates collisions, thereby eliminating the need for CSMA/CD.
28. What does a router do when it receives a Layer 2 frame over the network medium?
re-encapsulates the packet into a new frame
forwards the new frame appropriate to the medium of that segment of the physical network*
determines the best path
de-encapsulates the frame
29. Which two acronyms represent the data link sublayers that Ethernet relies upon to operate? (Choose two.)
SFD
LLC*
CSMA
MAC*
FCS
30. A network team is comparing topologies for connecting on a shared media. Which physical topology is an example of a hybrid topology for a LAN?
bus
extended star*
ring
partial mesh
Explanation: An extended star topology is an example of a hybrid topology as additional switches are interconnected with other star topologies. A partial mesh topology is a common hybrid WAN topology. The bus and ring are not hybrid topology types.
31. Given network 172.18.109.0, which subnet mask would be used if 6 host bits were available?
255.255.192.0
255.255.224.0
255.255.255.192
255.255.255.248*
255.255.255.252
32. Three devices are on three different subnets. Match the network address and the broadcast address with each subnet where these devices are located. (Not all options are used.)
Device 1: IP address 192.168.10.77/28 on subnet 1
Device 2: IP address192.168.10.17/30 on subnet 2
Device 3: IP address 192.168.10.35/29 on subnet 3

CCNA 1 v7 ITN Practice Final Exam Answers p32
To calculate any of these addresses, write the device IP address in binary. Draw a line showing where the subnet mask 1s end. For example, with Device 1, the final octet (77) is 01001101. The line would be drawn between the 0100 and the 1101 because the subnet mask is /28. Change all the bits to the right of the line to 0s to determine the network number (01000000 or 64). Change all the bits to the right of the line to 1s to determine the broadcast address (01001111 or 79).
33. What type of address is 198.133.219.162?
link-local
public*
loopback
multicast
34. What does the IP address 192.168.1.15/29 represent?
subnetwork address
unicast address
multicast address
broadcast address*
35. Why is NAT not needed in IPv6?​
Because IPv6 has integrated security, there is no need to hide the IPv6 addresses of internal networks.​
The problems that are induced by NAT applications are solved because the IPv6 header improves packet handling by intermediate routers.​
The end-to-end connectivity problems that are caused by NAT are solved because the number of routes increases with the number of nodes that are connected to the Internet.
Any host or user can get a public IPv6 network address because the number of available IPv6 addresses is extremely large.​*
36. What routing table entry has a next hop address associated with a destination network?
directly-connected routes
local routes
remote routes*
C and L source routes
Explanation: Routing table entries for remote routes will have a next hop IP address. The next hop IP address is the address of the router interface of the next device to be used to reach the destination network. Directly-connected and local routes have no next hop, because they do not require going through another router to be reached.
37. Which term describes a field in the IPv4 packet header that contains a unicast, multicast, or broadcast address?
destination IPv4 address*
protocol
TTL
header checksum
38. If the default gateway is configured incorrectly on the host, what is the impact on communications?
There is no impact on communications.
The host is unable to communicate on the local network.
The host can communicate with other hosts on the local network, but is unable to communicate with hosts on remote networks.*
The host can communicate with other hosts on remote networks, but is unable to communicate with hosts on the local network.
39. Which is the compressed format of the IPv6 address fe80:0000:0000:0000:0220:0b3f:f0e0:0029?
fe80:9ea:0:2200::fe0:290
fe80:9ea0::2020::bf:e0:9290
fe80::220:b3f:f0e0:29*
fe80:9ea0::2020:0:bf:e0:9290
40. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7 ITN Practice Final Exam Answers p40
A user issues the command netstat –r on a workstation. Which IPv6 address is one of the link-local addresses of the workstation?
::1/128
fe80::30d0:115:3f57:fe4c/128*
fe80::/64
2001:0:9d38:6ab8:30d0:115:3f57:fe4c/128
Explanation: In the IPv6 address scheme, the network of fe80::/10 is reserved for link-local addresses. The address fe80::/64 is a network address that indicates, in this workstation, fe80::/64 is actually used for link-local addresses. Thus the address fe80::30d0:115:3f57:fe4c/128 is a valid IPv6 link-local address.
41. What type of IPv6 address is represented by ::1/128?
EUI-64 generated link-local
global unicast
unspecified
loopback*
42. Which statement describes network security?
It supports growth over time in accordance with approved network design procedures.
It synchronizes traffic flows using timestamps.
It ensures sensitive corporate data is available for authorized users.*
It prioritizes data flows in order to give priority to delay-sensitive traffic.
43. Which two devices would be described as intermediary devices? (Choose two.)
wireless LAN controller*
server
assembly line robots*
IPS
gaming console
retail scanner
44. What characteristic describes spyware?
software that is installed on a user device and collects information about the user*
the use of stolen credentials to access private data
an attack that slows or crashes a device or network service
a network device that filters access and traffic coming into a network
45. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7 ITN Practice Final Exam Answers p45
The exhibit shows a small switched network and the contents of the MAC address table of the switch. PC1 has sent a frame addressed to PC3. What will the switch do with the frame?
The switch will discard the frame.
The switch will forward the frame to all ports.
The switch will forward the frame only to port 2.
The switch will forward the frame only to ports 1 and 3.
The switch will forward the frame to all ports except port 4.*
46. Which destination address is used in an ARP request frame?
0.0.0.0
255.255.255.255
the physical address of the destination host
FFFF.FFFF.FFFF*
AAAA.AAAA.AAAA
47. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7 ITN Practice Final Exam Answers p47
PC1 issues an ARP request because it needs to send a packet to PC3. In this scenario, what will happen next?
SW1 will send an ARP reply with its Fa0/1 MAC address.
RT1 will send an ARP reply with its own Fa0/0 MAC address.*
RT1 will forward the ARP request to PC3.
RT1 will send an ARP reply with the PC3 MAC address.
RT1 will send an ARP reply with its own Fa0/1 MAC address.
48. A network administrator is issuing the login block-for 180 attempts 2 within 30 command on a router. Which threat is the network administrator trying to prevent?
a user who is trying to guess a password to access the router*
a worm that is attempting to access another part of the network
an unidentified individual who is trying to access the network equipment room
a device that is trying to inspect the traffic on a link
Explanation: The login block-for 180 attempts 2 within 30 command will cause the device to block authentication after 2 unsuccessful attempts within 30 seconds for a duration of 180 seconds. A device inspecting the traffic on a link has nothing to do with the router. The router configuration cannot prevent unauthorized access to the equipment room. A worm would not attempt to access the router to propagate to another part of the network.
49. Which statement describes the characteristics of packet-filtering and stateful firewalls as they relate to the OSI model?
A packet-filtering firewall uses session layer information to track the state of a connection, whereas a stateful firewall uses application layer information to track the state of a connection.*
Both stateful and packet-filtering firewalls can filter at the application layer.
A packet-filtering firewall typically can filter up to the transport layer, whereas a stateful firewall can filter up to the session layer.
A stateful firewall can filter application layer information, whereas a packet-filtering firewall cannot filter beyond the network layer.
50. What are two ways to protect a computer from malware? (Choose two.)
Empty the browser cache.
Use antivirus software.*
Delete unused software.
Keep software up to date.*
Defragment the hard disk.
Explanation: At a minimum, a computer should use antivirus software and have all software up to date to defend against malware.
51. The employees and residents of Ciscoville cannot access the Internet or any remote web-based services. IT workers quickly determine that the city firewall is being flooded with so much traffic that a breakdown of connectivity to the Internet is occurring. Which type of attack is being launched at Ciscoville?
access
Trojan horse
reconnaissance
DoS*
52. Which two statements describe the characteristics of fiber-optic cabling? (Choose two.)
Fiber-optic cabling does not conduct electricity.*
Multimode fiber-optic cabling carries signals from multiple sending devices.
Fiber-optic cabling is primarily used as backbone cabling.*
Fiber-optic cabling uses LEDs for single-mode cab​les and laser technology for multimode cables.
Fiber-optic cabling has high signal loss.
53. What OSI physical layer term describes the measure of the transfer of bits across a medium over a given period of time?
latency
goodput
throughput*
bandwidth
54. Refer to the exhibit.

CCNA 1 v7 ITN Practice Final Exam Answers p54
What is the maximum possible throughput between the PC and the server?
10 Mb/s
1000 Mb/s
128 kb/s*
100 Mb/s
55. Match the description with the media. (Not all options are used.)


What two ICMPv6 message types must be permitted through IPv6 access control lists to allow resolution of Layer 3 addresses to Layer 2 MAC addresses? (Choose two.)
neighbor solicitations*
echo requests
neighbor advertisements*
echo replies
router solicitations
router advertisements
2. Which range of link-local addresses can be assigned to an IPv6-enabled interface?
FEC0::/10
FDEE::/7
FE80::/10*
FF00::/8
Explanation:
Link-local addresses are in the range of FE80::/10 to FEBF::/10. The original IPv6 specification defined site-local addresses and used the prefix range FEC0::/10, but these addresses were deprecated by the IETF in favor of unique local addresses. FDEE::/7 is a unique local address because it is in the range of FC00::/7 to FDFF::/7. IPv6 multicast addresses have the prefix FF00::/8.
3. What would be the interface ID of an IPv6 enabled interface with a MAC address of 1C-6F-65-C2-BD-F8 when the interface ID is generated by using the EUI-64 process?
0C6F:65FF:FEC2:BDF8
1E6F:65FF:FEC2:BDF8*
C16F:65FF:FEC2:BDF8
106F:65FF:FEC2:BDF8
4. An organization is assigned an IPv6 address block of 2001:db8:0:ca00::/56. How many subnets can be created without using bits in the interface ID space?
256*
512
1024
4096
5. Refer to the exhibit.

If host A sends an IP packet to host B, what will the destination address be in the frame when it leaves host A?
DD:DD:DD:DD:DD:DD
172.168.10.99
CC:CC:CC:CC:CC:CC
172.168.10.65
BB:BB:BB:BB:BB:BB*
AA:AA:AA:AA:AA:AA
Explanation:
When a host sends information to a distant network, the Layer 2 frame header will contain a source and destination MAC address. The source address will be the originating host device. The destination address will be the router interface that connects to the same network. In the case of host A sending information to host B, the source address is AA:AA:AA:AA:AA:AA and the destination address is the MAC address assigned to the R2 Ethernet interface, BB:BB:BB:BB:BB:BB.
6. When a switch configuration includes a user-defined error threshold on a per-port basis, to which switching method will the switch revert when the error threshold is reached?
cut-through
store-and-forward*
fast-forward
fragment-free
7. Which two statements are correct about MAC and IP addresses during data transmission if NAT is not involved? (Choose two.)
Destination IP addresses in a packet header remain constant along the entire path to a target host.*
Destination MAC addresses will never change in a frame that goes across seven routers.
Every time a frame is encapsulated with a new destination MAC address, a new destination IP address is needed.
Destination and source MAC addresses have local significance and change every time a frame goes from one LAN to another.*
A packet that has crossed four routers has changed the destination IP address four times.
8. What is one main characteristic of the data link layer?
It generates the electrical or optical signals that represent the 1 and 0 on the media.
It converts a stream of data bits into a predefined code.
It shields the upper layer protocol from being aware of the physical medium to be used in the communication.*
It accepts Layer 3 packets and decides the path by which to forward the packet to a remote network.
9. What are three characteristics of the CSMA/CD process? (Choose three.)
The device with the electronic token is the only one that can transmit after a collision.
A device listens and waits until the media is not busy before transmitting.*
After detecting a collision, hosts can attempt to resume transmission after a random time delay has expired.*
All of the devices on a segment see data that passes on the network medium.*
A jam signal indicates that the collision has cleared and the media is not busy.
Devices can be configured with a higher transmission priority.
10. What are two primary responsibilities of the Ethernet MAC sublayer? (Choose two.)
error detection
frame delimiting
accessing the media*
data encapsulation*
logical addressing
11. Which two commands can be used on a Windows host to display the routing table? (Choose two.)
netstat -s
route print*
show ip route
netstat –r*
tracert
Explanation:
On a Windows host, the route print or netstat -r commands can be used to display the host routing table. Both commands generate the same output. On a router, the show ip route command is used to display the routing table. The netstat –s command is used to display per-protocol statistics. The tracert command is used to display the path that a packet travels to its destination.
12. What are two functions that are provided by the network layer? (Choose two.)
directing data packets to destination hosts on other networks*
placing data on the network medium
carrying data between processes that are running on source and destination hosts
providing dedicated end-to-end connections
providing end devices with a unique network identifier*
13. Which two statements describe features of an IPv4 routing table on a router? (Choose two.)​
Directly connected interfaces will have two route source codes in the routing table: C and S.
If there are two or more possible routes to the same destination, the route associated with the higher metric value is included in the routing table.*
The netstat -r command can be used to display the routing table of a router.​
The routing table lists the MAC addresses of each active interface.
It stores information about routes derived from the active router interfaces.
If a default static route is configured in the router, an entry will be included in the routing table with source code S.*
14. How does the service password-encryption command enhance password security on Cisco routers and switches?
It requires encrypted passwords to be used when connecting remotely to a router or switch with Telnet.
It encrypts passwords that are stored in router or switch configuration files.*
It requires that a user type encrypted passwords to gain console access to a router or switch.
It encrypts passwords as they are sent across the network.
Explanation: The service password-encryption command encrypts plaintext passwords in the configuration file so that they cannot be viewed by unauthorized users.
15. Why would a Layer 2 switch need an IP address?
to enable the switch to send broadcast frames to attached PCs
to enable the switch to function as a default gateway
to enable the switch to be managed remotely*
to enable the switch to receive frames from attached PCs
Explanation:  A switch, as a Layer 2 device, does not need an IP address to transmit frames to attached devices. However, when a switch is accessed remotely through the network, it must have a Layer 3 address. The IP address must be applied to a virtual interface rather than to a physical interface. Routers, not switches, function as default gateways.
16. What characteristic describes identity theft?
the use of stolen credentials to access private data*
software on a router that filters traffic based on IP addresses or applications
software that identifies fast-spreading threats
a tunneling protocol that provides remote users with secure access into the network of an organization
17. Match each description to its corresponding term. (Not all options are used.)

18. A user sends an HTTP request to a web server on a remote network. During encapsulation for this request, what information is added to the address field of a frame to indicate the destination?
the network domain of the destination host
the IP address of the default gateway
the MAC address of the destination host
the MAC address of the default gateway*
19. Data is being sent from a source PC to a destination server. Which three statements correctly describe the function of TCP or UDP in this situation? (Choose three.)
The source port field identifies the running application or service that will handle data returning to the PC.*
The TCP process running on the PC randomly selects the destination port when establishing a session with the server.
UDP segments are encapsulated within IP packets for transport across the network.*
The UDP destination port number identifies the application or service on the server which will handle the data.*
TCP is the preferred protocol when a function requires lower network overhead.
The TCP source port number identifies the sending host on the network.
Explanation: Layer 4 port numbers identify the application or service which will handle the data. The source port number is added by the sending device and will be the destination port number when the requested information is returned. Layer 4 segments are encapsulated within IP packets. UDP, not TCP, is used when low overhead is needed. A source IP address, not a TCP source port number, identifies the sending host on the network. Destination port numbers are specific ports that a server application or service monitors for requests.
20. Match each description with the corresponding TCP mechanism. (Not all options are used.)

21. Refer to the exhibit.

Which two network addresses can be assigned to the network containing 10 hosts? Your answers should waste the fewest addresses, not reuse addresses that are already assigned, and stay within the 10.18.10.0/24 range of addresses. (Choose two.)
10.18.10.200/28
10.18.10.208/28*
10.18.10.240/27
10.18.10.200/27
10.18.10.224/27
10.18.10.224/28*
Explanation: Addresses 10.18.10.0 through 10.18.10.63 are taken for the leftmost network. Addresses 192 through 199 are used by the center network. Because 4 host bits are needed to accommodate 10 hosts, a /28 mask is needed. 10.18.10.200/28 is not a valid network number. Two subnets that can be used are 10.18.10.208/28 and 10.18.10.224/28.
22. Refer to the exhibit.

A company uses the address block of 128.107.0.0/16 for its network. What subnet mask would provide the maximum number of equal size subnets while providing enough host addresses for each subnet in the exhibit?
255.255.255.192
255.255.255.0
255.255.255.128*
255.255.255.240
255.255.255.224
Explanation: The largest subnet in the topology has 100 hosts in it so the subnet mask must have at least 7 host bits in it (27-2=126). 255.255.255.0 has 8 hosts bits, but this does not meet the requirement of providing the maximum number of subnets.
23. A network administrator wants to have the same subnet mask for three subnetworks at a small site. The site has the following networks and numbers of devices:
Subnetwork A: IP phones – 10 addresses
Subnetwork B: PCs – 8 addresses
Subnetwork C: Printers – 2 addresses
What single subnet mask would be appropriate to use for the three subnetworks?
255.255.255.0
255.255.255.240*
255.255.255.248
255.255.255.252
Explanation:
If the same mask is to be used, then the network with the most hosts must be examined for number of hosts. Because this is 10 hosts, 4 host bits are needed. The /28 or 255.255.255.240 subnet mask would be appropriate to use for these networks. ​
24. Match each item to the type of topology diagram on which it is typically identified. (Not all options are used.)

25. What two pieces of information are displayed in the output of the show ip interface brief command? (Choose two.)
IP addresses*
interface descriptions
MAC addresses
next-hop addresses
Layer 1 statuses*
speed and duplex settings
Explanation: The command show ip interface brief shows the IP address of each interface, as well as the operational status of the interfaces at both Layer 1 and Layer 2. In order to see interface descriptions and speed and duplex settings, use the command show running-config interface. Next-hop addresses are displayed in the routing table with the command show ip route, and the MAC address of an interface can be seen with the command show interfaces.
26. A user is complaining that an external web page is taking longer than normal to load.The web page does eventually load on the user machine. Which tool should the technician use with administrator privileges in order to locate where the issue is in the network?
ping
nslookup
tracert*
ipconfig /displaydns
27. A network technician is researching the use of fiber optic cabling in a new technology center. Which two issues should be considered before implementing fiber optic media? (Choose two.)
Fiber optic cabling requires different termination and splicing expertise from what copper cabling requires.*
Fiber optic cabling requires specific grounding to be immune to EMI.
Fiber optic cabling is susceptible to loss of signal due to RFI.
Fiber optic cable is able to withstand rough handling.
Fiber optic provides higher data capacity but is more expensive than copper cabling.*
28. What technique is used with UTP cable to help protect against signal interference from crosstalk?
wrapping a foil shield around the wire pairs
twisting the wires together into pairs*
terminating the cable with special grounded connectors
encasing the cables within a flexible plastic sheath
Explanation: To help prevent the effects of crosstalk, UTP cable wires are twisted together into pairs. Twisting the wires together causes the magnetic fields of each wire to cancel each other out.
29. A network administrator is designing the layout of a new wireless network. Which three areas of concern should be accounted for when building a wireless network? (Choose three.)
extensive cabling
mobility options
packet collision
interference*
security*
coverage área*
Explanation: The three areas of concern for wireless networks focus on the size of the coverage area, any nearby interference, and providing network security. Extensive cabling is not a concern for wireless networks, as a wireless network will require minimal cabling for providing wireless access to hosts. Mobility options are not a component of the areas of concern for wireless networks.
30. Match each description with an appropriate IP address. (Not all options are used.)

31. Users report that the network access is slow. After questioning the employees, the network administrator learned that one employee downloaded a third-party scanning program for the printer. What type of malware might be introduced that causes slow performance of the network?
virus
worm*
phishing
spam
Explanation: A cybersecurity specialist needs to be familiar with the characteristics of the different types of malware and attacks that threaten an organization.
32. Which scenario describes a function provided by the transport layer?
A student is using a classroom VoIP phone to call home. The unique identifier burned into the phone is a transport layer address used to contact another network device on the same network.
A student is playing a short web-based movie with sound. The movie and sound are encoded within the transport layer header.
A student has two web browser windows open in order to access two web sites. The transport layer ensures the correct web page is delivered to the correct browser window.*
A corporate worker is accessing a web server located on a corporate network. The transport layer formats the screen so the web page appears properly no matter what device is being used to view the web site.
Explanation:
The source and destination port numbers are used to identify the correct application and window within that application.
33. Refer to the exhibit.

Host B on subnet Teachers transmits a packet to host D on subnet Students. Which Layer 2 and Layer 3 addresses are contained in the PDUs that are transmitted from host B to the router?
Layer 2 destination address = 00-00-0c-94-36-ab
Layer 2 source address = 00-00-0c-94-36-bb
Layer 3 destination address = 172.16.20.200
Layer 3 source address = 172.16.10.200****
Layer 2 destination address = 00-00-0c-94-36-dd
Layer 2 source address = 00-00-0c-94-36-bb
Layer 3 destination address = 172.16.20.200
Layer 3 source address = 172.16.10.200
Layer 2 destination address = 00-00-0c-94-36-cd
Layer 2 source address = 00-00-0c-94-36-bb
Layer 3 destination address = 172.16.20.99
Layer 3 source address = 172.16.10.200
Layer 2 destination address = 00-00-0c-94-36-ab
Layer 2 source address = 00-00-0c-94-36-bb
Layer 3 destination address = 172.16.20.200
Layer 3 source address = 172.16.100.200
34. What does the term “attenuation” mean in data communication?
strengthening of a signal by a networking device
leakage of signals from one cable pair to another
time for a signal to reach its destination
loss of signal strength as distance increases*
35. Refer to the exhibit.

An administrator is trying to configure the switch but receives the error message that is displayed in the exhibit. What is the problem?
The entire command, configure terminal, must be used.
The administrator is already in global configuration mode.
The administrator must first enter privileged EXEC mode before issuing the command.*
The administrator must connect via the console port to access global configuration mode.
36. Which two protocols operate at the top layer of the TCP/IP protocol suite? (Choose two.)
TCP
IP
UDP
POP*
DNS*
Ethernet
37. A company has a file server that shares a folder named Public. The network security policy specifies that the Public folder is assigned Read-Only rights to anyone who can log into the server while the Edit rights are assigned only to the network admin group. Which component is addressed in the AAA network service framework?
automation
accounting
authentication
authorization*
Explanation:
After a user is successfully authenticated (logged into the server), the authorization is the process of determining what network resources the user can access and what operations (such as read or edit) the user can perform.
38. What three requirements are defined by the protocols used in network communcations to allow message transmission across a network? (Choose three.)
message size*
message encoding*
connector specifications
media selection
delivery options*
end-device installation
39. What are two characteristics of IP? (Choose two.)
does not require a dedicated end-to-end connection*
operates independently of the network media*
retransmits packets if errors occur
re-assembles out of order packets into the correct order at the receiver end
guarantees delivery of packets
Explanation:
The Internet Protocol (IP) is a connectionless, best effort protocol. This means that IP requires no end-to-end connection nor does it guarantee delivery of packets. IP is also media independent, which means it operates independently of the network media carrying the packets.
40. An employee of a large corporation remotely logs into the company using the appropriate username and password. The employee is attending an important video conference with a customer concerning a large sale. It is important for the video quality to be excellent during the meeting. The employee is unaware that after a successful login, the connection to the company ISP failed. The secondary connection, however, activated within seconds. The disruption was not noticed by the employee or other employees. What three network characteristics are described in this scenario? (Choose three.)
security*
quality of service*
scalability
powerline networking
integrity
fault tolerance*
41. What are two common causes of signal degradation when using UTP cabling? (Choose two.)
improper termination*
low-quality shielding in cable
installing cables in conduit
low-quality cable or connectors*
loss of light over long distances
42. Which subnet would include the address 192.168.1.96 as a usable host address?
192.168.1.64/26*
192.168.1.32/27
192.168.1.32/28
192.168.1.64/29
Explanation: For the subnet of 192.168.1.64/26, there are 6 bits for host addresses, yielding 64 possible addresses. However, the first and last subnets are the network and broadcast addresses for this subnet. Therefore, the range of host addresses for this subnet is 192.168.1.65 to 192.168.1.126. The other subnets do not contain the address 192.168.1.96 as a valid host address.
43. Refer to the exhibit.

On the basis of the output, which two statements about network connectivity are correct? (Choose two.)
This host does not have a default gateway configured.
There are 4 hops between this device and the device at 192.168.100.1.*
There is connectivity between this device and the device at 192.168.100.1.*
The connectivity between these two hosts allows for videoconferencing calls.
The average transmission time between the two hosts is 2 milliseconds.
Explanation:
The output displays a successful Layer 3 connection between a host computer and a host at 19.168.100.1. It can be determined that 4 hops exist between them and the average transmission time is 1 milliseconds. Layer 3 connectivity does not necessarily mean that an application can run between the hosts.
44. Which two statements describe how to assess traffic flow patterns and network traffic types using a protocol analyzer? (Choose two.)
Capture traffic on the weekends when most employees are off work.
Capture traffic during peak utilization times to get a good representation of the different traffic types.*
Only capture traffic in the areas of the network that receive most of the traffic such as the data center.
Perform the capture on different network segments.*
Only capture WAN traffic because traffic to the web is responsible for the largest amount of traffic on a network.
Explanation: Traffic flow patterns should be gathered during peak utilization times to get a good representation of the different traffic types. The capture should also be performed on different network segments because some traffic will be local to a particular segment.
45. What is the consequence of configuring a router with the ipv6 unicast-routing global configuration command?​
All router interfaces will be automatically activated.
The IPv6 enabled router interfaces begin sending ICMPv6 Router Advertisement messages.*
Each router interface will generate an IPv6 link-local address.​
It statically creates a global unicast address on this router.​
46. Which three layers of the OSI model map to the application layer of the TCP/IP model? (Choose three.)
Application*
network
data link
sesión*
presentation*
transport
Explanation: The TCP/IP model consists of four layers: application, transport, internet, and network access. The OSI model consists of seven layers: application, presentation, session, transport, network, data link, and physical. The top three layers of the OSI model: application, presentation, and session map to the application layer of the TCP/IP model.
47. Refer to the exhibit.

If PC1 is sending a packet to PC2 and routing has been configured between the two routers, what will R1 do with the Ethernet frame header attached by PC1?
nothing, because the router has a route to the destination network
open the header and use it to determine whether the data is to be sent out S0/0/0
open the header and replace the destination MAC address with a new one
remove the Ethernet header and configure a new Layer 2 header before sending it out S0/0/0*
Explanation: When PC1 forms the various headers attached to the data one of those headers is the Layer 2 header. Because PC1 connects to an Ethernet network, an Ethernet header is used. The source MAC address will be the MAC address of PC1 and the destination MAC address will be that of G0/0 on R1. When R1 gets that information, the router removes the Layer 2 header and creates a new one for the type of network the data will be placed onto (the serial link).
48. What will happen if the default gateway address is incorrectly configured on a host?
The host cannot communicate with other hosts in the local network.
The host cannot communicate with hosts in other networks.*
A ping from the host to 127.0.0.1 would not be successful.
The host will have to use ARP to determine the correct address of the default gateway.
The switch will not forward packets initiated by the host.
49. What are two features of ARP? (Choose two.)
When a host is encapsulating a packet into a frame, it refers to the MAC address table to determine the mapping of IP addresses to MAC addresses.
An ARP request is sent to all devices on the Ethernet LAN and contains the IP address of the destination host and its multicast MAC address.
If a host is ready to send a packet to a local destination device and it has the IP address but not the MAC address of the destination, it generates an ARP broadcast.*
If no device responds to the ARP request, then the originating node will broadcast the data packet to all devices on the network segment.
If a device receiving an ARP request has the destination IPv4 address, it responds with an ARP reply.*
50. A network administrator is adding a new LAN to a branch office. The new LAN must support 90 connected devices. What is the smallest network mask that the network administrator can use for the new network?
255.255.255.128*
255.255.255.240
255.255.255.248
255.255.255.224
51. What are two ICMPv6 messages that are not present in ICMP for IPv4? (Choose two.)
Neighbor Solicitation*
Destination Unreachable
Host Confirmation
Time Exceeded
Router Advertisement*
Route Redirection
52. A client packet is received by a server. The packet has a destination port number of 80. What service is the client requesting?
DHCP
SMTP
DNS
HTTP*
53. What is an advantage for small organizations of adopting IMAP instead of POP?
POP only allows the client to store messages in a centralized way, while IMAP allows distributed storage.
Messages are kept in the mail servers until they are manually deleted from the email client.*
When the user connects to a POP server, copies of the messages are kept in the mail server for a short time, but IMAP keeps them for a long time.
IMAP sends and retrieves email, but POP only retrieves email.
Explanation: IMAP and POP are protocols that are used to retrieve email messages. The advantage of using IMAP instead of POP is that when the user connects to an IMAP-capable server, copies of the messages are downloaded to the client application. IMAP then stores the email messages on the server until the user manually deletes those messages.
54. A technician can ping the IP address of the web server of a remote company but cannot successfully ping the URL address of the same web server. Which software utility can the technician use to diagnose the problem?
tracert
ipconfig
netstat
nslookup*
Explanation:
Traceroute (tracert) is a utility that generates a list of hops that were successfully reached along the path from source to destination.This list can provide important verification and troubleshooting information. The ipconfig utility is used to display the IP configuration settings on a Windows PC. The Netstat utility is used to identify which active TCP connections are open and running on a networked host. Nslookup is a utility that allows the user to manually query the name servers to resolve a given host name. This utility can also be used to troubleshoot name resolution issues and to verify the current status of the name servers.
55. Which two functions are performed at the LLC sublayer of the OSI Data Link Layer to facilitate Ethernet communication? (Choose two.)
implements CSMA/CD over legacy shared half-duplex media
enables IPv4 and IPv6 to utilize the same physical medium*
integrates Layer 2 flows between 10 Gigabit Ethernet over fiber and 1 Gigabit Ethernet over copper
implements a process to delimit fields within an Ethernet 2 frame
places information in the Ethernet frame that identifies which network layer protocol is being encapsulated by the frame*
Explanation: The data link layer is actually divided into two sublayers:
+ Logical Link Control (LLC): This upper sublayer defines the software processes that provide services to the network layer protocols. It places information in the frame that identifies which network layer protocol is being used for the frame. This information allows multiple Layer 3 protocols, such as IPv4 and IPv6, to utilize the same network interface and media.
+ Media Access Control (MAC): This lower sublayer defines the media access processes performed by the hardware. It provides data link layer addressing and delimiting of data according to the physical signaling requirements of the medium and the type of data link layer protocol in use.
56. The global configuration command ip default-gateway 172.16.100.1 is applied to a switch. What is the effect of this command?
The switch can communicate with other hosts on the 172.16.100.0 network.
The switch can be remotely managed from a host on another network.*
The switch is limited to sending and receiving frames to and from the gateway 172.16.100.1.
The switch will have a management interface with the address 172.16.100.1.
Explanation: A default gateway address is typically configured on all devices to allow them to communicate beyond just their local network.In a switch this is achieved using the command ip default-gateway .
57. What happens when the transport input ssh command is entered on the switch vty lines?
The SSH client on the switch is enabled.
The switch requires a username/password combination for remote access.
Communication between the switch and remote users is encrypted.*
The switch requires remote connections via a proprietary client software.
Explanation: The transport input ssh command when entered on the switch vty (virtual terminal lines) will encrypt all inbound controlled telnet connections.
58. Match the type of threat with the cause. (Not all options are used.)

59. A disgruntled employee is using some free wireless networking tools to determine information about the enterprise wireless networks. This person is planning on using this information to hack the wireless network. What type of attack is this?
DoS
access
reconnaissance*
Trojan horse
60. What service is provided by HTTP?
Uses encryption to secure the exchange of text, graphic images, sound, and video on the web.
Allows for data transfers between a client and a file server.
An application that allows real-time chatting among remote users.
A basic set of rules for exchanging text, graphic images, sound, video, and other multimedia files on the web.*
61. A client packet is received by a server. The packet has a destination port number of 67. What service is the client requesting?
FTP
DHCP*
Telnet
SSH
62. What are two problems that can be caused by a large number of ARP request and reply messages? (Choose two.)
Switches become overloaded because they concentrate all the traffic from the attached subnets.
The ARP request is sent as a broadcast, and will flood the entire subnet.*
The network may become overloaded because ARP reply messages have a very large payload due to the 48-bit MAC address and 32-bit IP address that they contain.
A large number of ARP request and reply messages may slow down the switching process, leading the switch to make many changes in its MAC table.*
All ARP request messages must be processed by all nodes on the local network.
63. A group of Windows PCs in a new subnet has been added to an Ethernet network. When testing the connectivity, a technician finds that these PCs can access local network resources but not the Internet resources. To troubleshoot the problem, the technician wants to initially confirm the IP address and DNS configurations on the PCs, and also verify connectivity to the local router. Which three Windows CLI commands and utilities will provide the necessary information? (Choose three.)
netsh interface ipv6 show neighbor
arp -a
tracert
ping*
ipconfig*
nslookup*
telnet
64. During the process of forwarding traffic, what will the router do immediately after matching the destination IP address to a network on a directly connected routing table entry?
analyze the destination IP address
switch the packet to the directly connected interface*
look up the next-hop address for the packet
discard the traffic after consulting the route table
65. What characteristic describes antispyware?
applications that protect end devices from becoming infected with malicious software*
a network device that filters access and traffic coming into a network
software on a router that filters traffic based on IP addresses or applications
a tunneling protocol that provides remote users with secure access into the network of an organization
66. A network administrator needs to keep the user ID, password, and session contents private when establishing remote CLI connectivity with a switch to manage it. Which access method should be chosen?
Telnet
AUX
SSH*
Console
67. What are the two most effective ways to defend against malware? (Choose two.)
Implement a VPN.
Implement network firewalls.
Implement RAID.
Implement strong passwords.
Update the operating system and other application software.*
Install and update antivirus software.*
Explanation: A cybersecurity specialist must be aware of the technologies and measures that are used as countermeasures to protect the organization from threats and vulnerabilities.
68. Which type of security threat would be responsible if a spreadsheet add-on disables the local software firewall?
brute-force attack
Trojan horse*
DoS
buffer overflow
Explanation: A Trojan horse is software that does something harmful, but is hidden in legitimate software code. A denial of service (DoS) attack results in interruption of network services to users, network devices, or applications. A brute-force attack commonly involves trying to access a network device. A buffer overflow occurs when a program attempts to store more data in a memory location than it can hold.
69. Match the header field with the appropriate layer of the OSI model. (Not all options are used.)
70. Which frame field is created by a source node and used by a destination node to ensure that a transmitted data signal has not been altered by interference, distortion, or signal loss?
User Datagram Protocol field
transport layer error check field
flow control field
frame check sequence field*
error correction process field
71. A network administrator is adding a new LAN to a branch office. The new LAN must support 4 connected devices. What is the smallest network mask that the network administrator can use for the new network?
255.255.255.248*
255.255.255.0
255.255.255.128
255.255.255.192
72. What service is provided by POP3?
Retrieves email from the server by downloading the email to the local mail application of the client.*
An application that allows real-time chatting among remote users.
Allows remote access to network devices and servers.
Uses encryption to provide secure remote access to network devices and servers.
73. What two security solutions are most likely to be used only in a corporate environment? (Choose two.)
antispyware
virtual private networks*
intrusion prevention systems*
strong passwords
antivirus software
74. What characteristic describes antivirus software?
applications that protect end devices from becoming infected with malicious software*
a network device that filters access and traffic coming into a network
a tunneling protocol that provides remote users with secure access into the network of an organization
software on a router that filters traffic based on IP addresses or applications
75. What mechanism is used by a router to prevent a received IPv4 packet from traveling endlessly on a network?
It checks the value of the TTL field and if it is 0, it discards the packet and sends a Destination Unreachable message to the source host.
It checks the value of the TTL field and if it is 100, it discards the packet and sends a Destination Unreachable message to the source host.
It decrements the value of the TTL field by 1 and if the result is 0, it discards the packet and sends a Time Exceeded message to the source host.*
It increments the value of the TTL field by 1 and if the result is 100, it discards the packet and sends a Parameter Problem message to the source host.
76. A client packet is received by a server. The packet has a destination port number of 69. What service is the client requesting?
DNS
DHCP
SMTP
TFTP*
77. An administrator defined a local user account with a secret password on router R1 for use with SSH. Which three additional steps are required to configure R1 to accept only encrypted SSH connections? (Choose three.)
Configure DNS on the router.
Generate two-way pre-shared keys.
Configure the IP domain name on the router.*
Generate the SSH keys.*
Enable inbound vty SSH sessions.*
Enable inbound vty Telnet sessions.
78. Which two functions are performed at the MAC sublayer of the OSI Data Link Layer to facilitate Ethernet communication? (Choose two.)
places information in the Ethernet frame that identifies which network layer protocol is being encapsulated by the frame*
adds Ethernet control information to network protocol data
responsible for internal structure of Ethernet frame
enables IPv4 and IPv6 to utilize the same physical medium
implements trailer with frame check sequence for error detection*
79. An IPv6 enabled device sends a data packet with the destination address of FF02::2. What is the target of this packet?​
all IPv6 enabled devices on the local link​
all IPv6 DHCP servers​
all IPv6 enabled devices across the network​
all IPv6 configured routers on the local link​*
80. What are the three parts of an IPv6 global unicast address? (Choose three.)
subnet ID*
subnet mask
broadcast address
global routing prefix*
interface ID*
81. A client is using SLAAC to obtain an IPv6 address for its interface. After an address has been generated and applied to the interface, what must the client do before it can begin to use this IPv6 address?
It must send a DHCPv6 INFORMATION-REQUEST message to request the address of the DNS server.
It must send a DHCPv6 REQUEST message to the DHCPv6 server to request permission to use this address.
It must send an ICMPv6 Router Solicitation message to determine what default gateway it should use.
It must send an ICMPv6 Neighbor Solicitation message to ensure that the address is not already in use on the network.*
82. A new network administrator has been asked to enter a banner message on a Cisco device. What is the fastest way a network administrator could test whether the banner is properly configured?
Enter CTRL-Z at the privileged mode prompt.
Exit global configuration mode.
Power cycle the device.
Reboot the device.
Exit privileged EXEC mode and press Enter.*
83. What method is used to manage contention-based access on a wireless network?
token passing
CSMA/CA*
priority ordering
CSMA/CD
84. What is a function of the data link layer?
provides the formatting of data
provides end-to-end delivery of data between hosts
provides delivery of data between two applications
provides for the exchange of frames over a common local media*
85. What is the purpose of the TCP sliding window?
to ensure that segments arrive in order at the destination
to end communication when data transmission is complete
to inform a source to retransmit data from a specific point forward
to request that a source decrease the rate at which it transmits data*
86. What characteristic describes spyware?
a network device that filters access and traffic coming into a network
software that is installed on a user device and collects information about the user*
an attack that slows or crashes a device or network service
the use of stolen credentials to access private data
87. Which switching method drops frames that fail the FCS check?
store-and-forward switching*
borderless switching
ingress port buffering
cut-through switching
88. Two pings were issued from a host on a local network. The first ping was issued to the IP address of the default gateway of the host and it failed. The second ping was issued to the IP address of a host outside the local network and it was successful. What is a possible cause for the failed ping?
The default gateway is not operational.
The default gateway device is configured with the wrong IP address.
Security rules are applied to the default gateway device, preventing it from processing ping requests.*
The TCP/IP stack on the default gateway is not working properly.
89. What service is provided by FTP?
A basic set of rules for exchanging text, graphic images, sound, video, and other multimedia files on the web.
An application that allows real-time chatting among remote users.
Allows for data transfers between a client and a file server.*
Uses encryption to secure the exchange of text, graphic images, sound, and video on the web.
90. A user is attempting to access http://www.cisco.com/ without success. Which two configuration values must be set on the host to allow this access? (Choose two.)
DNS server*
source port number
HTTP server
source MAC address
default Gateway*
91. Which two statements accurately describe an advantage or a disadvantage when deploying NAT for IPv4 in a network? (Choose two.)
NAT adds authentication capability to IPv4.
NAT introduces problems for some applications that require end-to-end connectivity.*
NAT will impact negatively on switch performance.
NAT provides a solution to slow down the IPv4 address depletion.*
NAT improves packet handling.
NAT causes routing tables to include more information.
92. What subnet mask is needed if an IPv4 network has 40 devices that need IP addresses and address space is not to be wasted?
255.255.255.0
255.255.255.240
255.255.255.128
255.255.255.192*
255.255.255.224
93. Refer to the exhibit.

PC1 issues an ARP request because it needs to send a packet to PC2. In this scenario, what will happen next?
PC2 will send an ARP reply with its MAC address.*
RT1 will send an ARP reply with its Fa0/0 MAC address.
RT1 will send an ARP reply with the PC2 MAC address.
SW1 will send an ARP reply with the PC2 MAC address.
SW1 will send an ARP reply with its Fa0/1 MAC address.
Explanation:
When a network device wants to communicate with another device on the same network, it sends a broadcast ARP request. In this case, the request will contain the IP address of PC2. The destination device (PC2) sends an ARP reply with its MAC address.
94. What service is provided by BOOTP?
Uses encryption to secure the exchange of text, graphic images, sound, and video on the web.
Allows for data transfers between a client and a file server.
Legacy application that enables a diskless workstation to discover its own IP address and find a BOOTP server on the network.*
A basic set of rules for exchanging text, graphic images, sound, video, and other multimedia files on the web.
95. What characteristic describes adware?
a network device that filters access and traffic coming into a network
software that is installed on a user device and collects information about the user*
the use of stolen credentials to access private data
an attack that slows or crashes a device or network service
96. What is a benefit of using cloud computing in networking?
Technology is integrated into every-day appliances allowing them to interconnect with other devices, making them more ‘smart’ or automated.
Network capabilities are extended without requiring investment in new infrastructure, personnel, or software.*
End users have the freedom to use personal tools to access information and communicate across a business network.
Home networking uses existing electrical wiring to connect devices to the network wherever there is an electrical outlet, saving the cost of installing data cables.
97. Match a statement to the related network model. (Not all options are used.)

Place the options in the following order:
peer-to-peer network
[+] no dedicated server is required
[+] client and server roles are set on a per request basis
peer-to-peer aplication
[#] requires a specific user interface
[#] a background service is required
Explanation:
Peer-to-peer networks do not require the use of a dedicated server, and devices can assume both client and server roles simultaneously on a per request basis. Because they do not require formalized accounts or permissions, they are best used in limited situations. Peer-to-peer applications require a user interface and background service to be running, and can be used in more diverse situations.
98. Which information does the show startup-config command display?
the IOS image copied into RAM
the bootstrap program in the ROM
the contents of the current running configuration file in the RAM
the contents of the saved configuration file in the NVRAM*
Explanation:
The show startup-config command displays the saved configuration located in NVRAM. The show running-config command displays the contents of the currently running configuration file located in RAM.​
99. Refer to the exhibit.

What three facts can be determined from the viewable output of the show ip interface brief command? (Choose three.)
Two physical interfaces have been configured.
The switch can be remotely managed.*
One device is attached to a physical interface.*
Passwords have been configured on the switch.
Two devices are attached to the switch.
The default SVI has been configured.*
Explanation:
Vlan1 is the default SVI. Because an SVI has been configured, the switch can be configured and managed remotely. FastEthernet0/0 is showing up and up, so a device is connected.
100. Match each type of frame field to its function. (Not all options are used.)

101. What is the subnet ID associated with the IPv6 address 2001:DA48:FC5:A4:3D1B::1/64?
2001:DA48::/64​
2001:DA48:FC5::A4:/64​
2001:DA48:FC5:A4::/64​*
2001::/64
102. Match the firewall function to the type of threat protection it provides to the network. (Not all options are used.)

packet filtering – prevents access based on IP or MAC address
URL filtering – prevents access to websites
network address translator – (none)
stateful packet inspection – prevents unsolicited incoming sessions
application filtering – prevents access by port number
Explanation:Firewall products come packaged in various forms. These products use different techniques for determining what will be permitted or denied access to a network. They include the following:
+ Packet filtering – Prevents or allows access based on IP or MAC addresses
+ Application filtering – Prevents or allows access by specific application types based on port numbers
+ URL filtering – Prevents or allows access to websites based on specific URLs or keywords
+ Stateful packet inspection (SPI) – Incoming packets must be legitimate responses to requests from internal hosts. Unsolicited packets are blocked unless permitted specifically. SPI can also include the capability to recognize and filter out specific types of attacks, such as denial of service (DoS)
103. Users are reporting longer delays in authentication and in accessing network resources during certain time periods of the week. What kind of information should network engineers check to find out if this situation is part of a normal network behavior?
syslog records and messages
the network performance baseline*
debug output and packet captures
network configuration files
104. What characteristic describes a VPN?
software on a router that filters traffic based on IP addresses or applications
software that identifies fast-spreading threats
a tunneling protocol that provides remote users with secure access into the network of an organization*
a network device that filters access and traffic coming into a network
105. Which two statements are correct in a comparison of IPv4 and IPv6 packet headers? (Choose two.)
The Source Address field name from IPv4 is kept in IPv6.*
The Version field from IPv4 is not kept in IPv6.
The Destination Address field is new in IPv6.
The Header Checksum field name from IPv4 is kept in IPv6.
The Time-to-Live field from IPv4 has been replaced by the Hop Limit field in IPv6.*
106. A network administrator wants to have the same network mask for all networks at a particular small site. The site has the following networks and number of devices:
IP phones – 22 addresses
PCs – 20 addresses needed
Printers – 2 addresses needed
Scanners – 2 addresses needed
The network administrator has deemed that 192.168.10.0/24 is to be the network used at this site. Which single subnet mask would make the most efficient use of the available addresses to use for the four subnetworks?
255.255.255.192
255.255.255.252
255.255.255.240
255.255.255.248
255.255.255.0
255.255.255.224*
107. What is an advantage to using a protocol that is defined by an open standard?
A company can monopolize the market.
The protocol can only be run on equipment from a specific vendor.
An open standard protocol is not controlled or regulated by standards organizations.
It encourages competition and promotes choices.*
Explanation:
A monopoly by one company is not a good idea from a user point of view. If a protocol can only be run on one brand, it makes it difficult to have mixed equipment in a network. A proprietary protocol is not free to use. An open standard protocol will in general be implemented by a wide range of vendors.
108. A network administrator is adding a new LAN to a branch office. The new LAN must support 200 connected devices. What is the smallest network mask that the network administrator can use for the new network?
255.255.255.240
255.255.255.0*
255.255.255.248
255.255.255.224
109. What are three commonly followed standards for constructing and installing cabling? (Choose three.)
cost per meter (foot)
cable lengths*
connector color
pinouts*
connector types*
tensile strength of plastic insulator
110. Refer to the exhibit.

What is wrong with the displayed termination?
The woven copper braid should not have been removed.
The wrong type of connector is being used.
The untwisted length of each wire is too long.*
The wires are too thick for the connector that is used.
Explanation: When a cable to an RJ-45 connector is terminated, it is important to ensure that the untwisted wires are not too long and that the flexible plastic sheath surrounding the wires is crimped down and not the bare wires. None of the colored wires should be visible from the bottom of the jack.
111. Match the characteristic to the category. (Not all options are used.)

112. A client packet is received by a server. The packet has a destination port number of 143. What service is the client requesting?
IMAP*
FTP
SSH
Telnet
113. What are two characteristics shared by TCP and UDP? (Choose two.)
default window size
connectionless communication
port numbering*
3-way handshake
ability to to carry digitized voice
use of checksum*
Explanation:
Both TCP and UDP use source and destination port numbers to distinguish different data streams and to forward the right data segments to the right applications. Error checking the header and data is done by both protocols by using a checksum calculation to determine the integrity of the data that is received. TCP is connection-oriented and uses a 3-way handshake to establish an initial connection. TCP also uses window to regulate the amount of traffic sent before receiving an acknowledgment. UDP is connectionless and is the best protocol for carry digitized VoIP signals.
114. Which value, that is contained in an IPv4 header field, is decremented by each router that receives a packet?
Header Length
Differentiated Services
Time-to-Live*
Fragment Offset
115. A client packet is received by a server. The packet has a destination port number of 21. What service is the client requesting?
FTP*
LDAP
SLP
SNMP
116. What attribute of a NIC would place it at the data link layer of the OSI model?
attached Ethernet cable
IP address
MAC address*
RJ-45 port
TCP/IP protocol stack
117. A network administrator is adding a new LAN to a branch office. The new LAN must support 10 connected devices. What is the smallest network mask that the network administrator can use for the new network?
255.255.255.192
255.255.255.248
255.255.255.224
255.255.255.240*
118. A user is executing a tracert to a remote device. At what point would a router, which is in the path to the destination device, stop forwarding the packet?
when the router receives an ICMP Time Exceeded message
when the RTT value reaches zero
when the host responds with an ICMP Echo Reply message
when the value in the TTL field reaches zero*
when the values of both the Echo Request and Echo Reply messages reach zero
Explanation:
When a router receives a traceroute packet, the value in the TTL field is decremented by 1. When the value in the field reaches zero, the receiving router will not forward the packet, and will send an ICMP Time Exceeded message back to the source.
119. Refer to the exhibit.

The network administrator has assigned the LAN of LBMISS an address range of 192.168.10.0. This address range has been subnetted using a /29 prefix. In order to accommodate a new building, the technician has decided to use the fifth subnet for configuring the new network (subnet zero is the first subnet). By company policies, the router interface is always assigned the first usable host address and the workgroup server is given the last usable host address. Which configuration should be entered into the properties of the workgroup server to allow connectivity to the Internet?
IP address: 192.168.10.65 subnet mask: 255.255.255.240, default gateway: 192.168.10.76
IP address: 192.168.10.38 subnet mask: 255.255.255.240, default gateway: 192.168.10.33
IP address: 192.168.10.38 subnet mask: 255.255.255.248, default gateway: 192.168.10.33*
IP address: 192.168.10.41 subnet mask: 255.255.255.248, default gateway: 192.168.10.46
IP address: 192.168.10.254 subnet mask: 255.255.255.0, default gateway: 192.168.10.1
Explanation:
Using a /29 prefix to subnet 192.168.10.0 results in subnets that increment by 8:
192.168.10.0 (1)
192.168.10.8 (2)
192.168.10.16 (3)
192.168.10.24 (4)
192.168.10.32 (5)
120. Refer to the exhibit.

The switches are in their default configuration. Host A needs to communicate with host D, but host A does not have the MAC address for its default gateway. Which network hosts will receive the ARP request sent by host A?
only host D
only router R1
only hosts A, B, and C
only hosts A, B, C, and D
only hosts B and C
only hosts B, C, and router R1*
Explanation:
Since host A does not have the MAC address of the default gateway in its ARP table, host A sends an ARP broadcast. The ARP broadcast would be sent to every device on the local network. Hosts B, C, and router R1 would receive the broadcast. Router R1 would not forward the message.
121. Which two traffic types use the Real-Time Transport Protocol (RTP)? (Choose two.)
video*
web
file transfer
voice*
peer to peer
122. Which wireless technology has low-power and data rate requirements making it popular in home automation applications?
ZigBee*
LoRaWAN
5G
Wi-Fi
123. Which layer of the TCP/IP model provides a route to forward messages through an internetwork?
application
network access
internet*
transport
Explanation:
The OSI model network layer corresponds directly to the internet layer of the TCP/IP model and is used to describe protocols that address and route messages through an internetwork.
124. Which type of server relies on record types such as A, NS, AAAA, and MX in order to provide services?
DNS*
email
file
web
Explanation:
A DNS server stores records that are used to resolve IP addresses to host names. Some DNS record types include the following:
A – an end device IPv4 address
NS – an authoritative name server
AAAA – an end device IPv6 address
MX – a mail exchange record
125. What are proprietary protocols?
protocols developed by private organizations to operate on any vendor hardware
protocols that can be freely used by any organization or vendor
protocols developed by organizations who have control over their definition and operation*
a collection of protocols known as the TCP/IP protocol suite
Explanation:
Proprietary protocols have their definition and operation controlled by one company or vendor. Some of them can be used by different organizations with permission from the owner. The TCP/IP protocol suite is an open standard, not a proprietary protocol.
126. What service is provided by DNS?
Resolves domain names, such as cisco.com, into IP addresses.*
A basic set of rules for exchanging text, graphic images, sound, video, and other multimedia files on the web.
Allows for data transfers between a client and a file server.
Uses encryption to secure the exchange of text, graphic images, sound, and video on the web.
127. A client packet is received by a server. The packet has a destination port number of 110. What service is the client requesting?
DNS
DHCP
SMTP
POP3*
128. What command can be used on a Windows PC to see the IP configuration of that computer?
show ip interface brief
ping
show interfaces
ipconfig*
129. A wired laser printer is attached to a home computer. That printer has been shared so that other computers on the home network can also use the printer. What networking model is in use?
client-based
master-slave
point-to-point
peer-to-peer (P2P)*
Explanation: Peer-to-peer (P2P) networks have two or more network devices that can share resources such as printers or files without having a dedicated server.
130. What characteristic describes a virus?
a network device that filters access and traffic coming into a network
the use of stolen credentials to access private data
an attack that slows or crashes a device or network service
malicious software or code running on an end device*
131. Three bank employees are using the corporate network. The first employee uses a web browser to view a company web page in order to read some announcements. The second employee accesses the corporate database to perform some financial transactions. The third employee participates in an important live audio conference with other corporate managers in branch offices. If QoS is implemented on this network, what will be the priorities from highest to lowest of the different data types?
financial transactions, web page, audio conference
audio conference, financial transactions, web page
financial transactions, audio conference, web page*
audio conference, web page, financial transactions
132. Match the description to the IPv6 addressing component. (Not all options are used.)

133. Refer to the exhibit.

If Host1 were to transfer a file to the server, what layers of the TCP/IP model would be used?
only application and Internet layers
only Internet and network access layers
only application, Internet, and network access layers
application, transport, Internet, and network access layers*
only application, transport, network, data link, and physical layers
application, session, transport, network, data link, and physical layers
Explanation: The TCP/IP model contains the application, transport, internet, and network access layers. A file transfer uses the FTP application layer protocol. The data would move from the application layer through all of the layers of the model and across the network to the file server.
134. Match the characteristic to the forwarding method. (Not all options are used.)

Explanation: A store-and-forward switch always stores the entire frame before forwarding, and checks its CRC and frame length. A cut-through switch can forward frames before receiving the destination address field, thus presenting less latency than a store-and-forward switch. Because the frame can begin to be forwarded before it is completely received, the switch may transmit a corrupt or runt frame. All forwarding methods require a Layer 2 switch to forward broadcast frames.
135. Refer to the exhibit.

The IP address of which device interface should be used as the default gateway setting of host H1?
R1: S0/0/0
R2: S0/0/1
R1: G0/0*
R2: S0/0/0
136. What service is provided by Internet Messenger?
An application that allows real-time chatting among remote users.*
Allows remote access to network devices and servers.
Resolves domain names, such as cisco.com, into IP addresses.
Uses encryption to provide secure remote access to network devices and servers.
137. Refer to the exhibit.

Match the network with the correct IP address and prefix that will satisfy the usable host addressing requirements for each network.

Explanation: Network A needs to use 192.168.0.128 /25, which yields 128 host addresses.
Network B needs to use 192.168.0.0 /26, which yields 64 host addresses.
Network C needs to use 192.168.0.96 /27, which yields 32 host addresses.
Network D needs to use 192.168.0.80/30, which yields 4 host addresses.
138. Refer to the exhibit. Which protocol was responsible for building the table that is shown?
interface: 192.168.1.67 — 0xa
internet address physical address type
192.168.1.254 64-0f-29-0d-36-91 dynamic
.
.
.
interface: 10.82.253.91 —- 0x10
DHCP
ARP*
DNS
ICMP
139. A network administrator notices that some newly installed Ethernet cabling is carrying corrupt and distorted data signals. The new cabling was installed in the ceiling close to fluorescent lights and electrical equipment. Which two factors may interfere with the copper cabling and result in signal distortion and data corruption? (Choose two.)
crosstalk
extended length of cabling
RFI​*
EMI*
signal attenuation
140. A host is trying to send a packet to a device on a remote LAN segment, but there are currently no mappings in its ARP cache. How will the device obtain a destination MAC address?
It will send the frame and use its own MAC address as the destination.
It will send an ARP request for the MAC address of the destination device.
It will send the frame with a broadcast MAC address.
It will send a request to the DNS server for the destination MAC address.
It will send an ARP request for the MAC address of the default gateway.*
141. Which two functions are performed at the MAC sublayer of the OSI Data Link Layer to facilitate Ethernet communication?
integrates Layer 2 flows between 10 Gigabit Ethernet over fiber and 1 Gigabit Ethernet over copper*
enables IPv4 and IPv6 to utilize the same physical medium
handles communication between upper layer networking software and Ethernet NIC hardware
adds Ethernet control information to network protocol data
implements CSMA/CD over legacy shared half-duplex media*
142. A client packet is received by a server. The packet has a destination port number of 53. What service is the client requesting?
DNS*
NetBIOS (NetBT)
POP3
IMAP
143. A network administrator is adding a new LAN to a branch office. The new LAN must support 25 connected devices. What is the smallest network mask that the network administrator can use for the new network?
255.255.255.128
255.255.255.192
255.255.255.224*
255.255.255.240
144. What characteristic describes a Trojan horse?
malicious software or code running on an end device*
an attack that slows or crashes a device or network service
the use of stolen credentials to access private data
a network device that filters access and traffic coming into a network
145. What service is provided by HTTPS?
Uses encryption to provide secure remote access to network devices and servers.
Resolves domain names, such as cisco.com, into IP addresses.
Uses encryption to secure the exchange of text, graphic images, sound, and video on the web.*
Allows remote access to network devices and servers.
146. A technician with a PC is using multiple applications while connected to the Internet. How is the PC able to keep track of the data flow between multiple application sessions and have each application receive the correct packet flows?
The data flow is being tracked based on the destination MAC address of the technician PC.
The data flow is being tracked based on the source port number that is used by each application.*
The data flow is being tracked based on the source IP address that is used by the PC of the technician.
The data flow is being tracked based on the destination IP address that is used by the PC of the technician.
Explanation:
The source port number of an application is randomly generated and used to individually keep track of each session connecting out to the Internet. Each application will use a unique source port number to provide simultaneous communication from multiple applications through the Internet.
147. A network administrator is adding a new LAN to a branch office. The new LAN must support 61 connected devices. What is the smallest network mask that the network administrator can use for the new network?
255.255.255.240
255.255.255.224
255.255.255.192*
255.255.255.128
148. Refer to the exhibit.

Match the network with the correct IP address and prefix that will satisfy the usable host addressing requirements for each network. (Not all options are used.)

Explanation:
Network A needs to use 192.168.0.0 /25 which yields 128 host addresses.
Network B needs to use 192.168.0.128 /26 which yields 64 host addresses.
Network C needs to use 192.168.0.192 /27 which yields 32 host addresses.
Network D needs to use 192.168.0.224 /30 which yields 4 host addresses.
149. What characteristic describes a DoS attack?
the use of stolen credentials to access private data
a network device that filters access and traffic coming into a network
software that is installed on a user device and collects information about the user
an attack that slows or crashes a device or network service*
150. Match the application protocols to the correct transport protocols

151. What service is provided by SMTP?
Allows clients to send email to a mail server and the servers to send email to other servers.*
Allows remote access to network devices and servers.
Uses encryption to provide secure remote access to network devices and servers.
An application that allows real-time chatting among remote users.
152. Match a statement to the related network model. (Not all options are used.)

Place the options in the following order:
peer-to-peer network
[+] no dedicated server is required
[+] client and server roles are set on a per request basis
peer-to-peer aplication
[#] requires a specific user interface
[#] a background service is required
Explanation:
Peer-to-peer networks do not require the use of a dedicated server, and devices can assume both client and server roles simultaneously on a per request basis. Because they do not require formalized accounts or permissions, they are best used in limited situations. Peer-to-peer applications require a user interface and background service to be running, and can be used in more diverse situations.
153. Match the application protocols to the correct transport protocols.

Answer.
TCP
FTP
HTTP
SMTP
UDP
DHCP
TFTP
154. Refer to the exhibit.

A network engineer has been given the network address of 192.168.99.0 and a subnet mask of 255.255.255.192 to subnet across the four networks shown. How many total host addresses are unused across all four subnets?
88
200*
72
224
158
155. Which two functions are performed at the MAC sublayer of the OSI Data Link Layer to facilitate Ethernet communication? (Choose two.)
places information in the Ethernet frame that identifies which network layer protocol is being encapsulated by the frame*
handles communication between upper layer networking software and Ethernet NIC hardware
adds Ethernet control information to network protocol data
applies source and destination MAC addresses to Ethernet frame*
applies delimiting of Ethernet frame fields to synchronize communication between nodes
156. Which connector is used with twisted-pair cabling in an Ethernet LAN?

LC conector

SC conector

BNC

RJ 11

RJ 45 (TRUE ANSWERS)*
157. A client packet is received by a server. The packet has a destination port number of 22. What service is the client requesting?
SSH*
SMB/CIFS
HTTPS
SLP
158. What characteristic describes an IPS?
a tunneling protocol that provides remote users with secure access into the network of an organization
a network device that filters access and traffic coming into a network
software that identifies fast-spreading threats*
software on a router that filters traffic based on IP addresses or applications
159. What service is provided by DHCP?
Dynamically assigns IP addresses to end and intermediary devices.*
160. Which two functions are performed at the LLC sublayer of the OSI Data Link Layer to facilitate Ethernet communication? (Choose two.)
responsible for internal structure of Ethernet frame
applies source and destination MAC addresses to Ethernet frame
integrates Layer 2 flows between 10 Gigabit Ethernet over fiber and 1 Gigabit Ethernet over copper
enables IPv4 and IPv6 to utilize the same physical medium*
handles communication between upper layer networking software and Ethernet NIC hardware*
161. Which two functions are performed at the LLC sublayer of the OSI Data Link Layer to facilitate Ethernet communication? (Choose two.)
adds Ethernet control information to network protocol data*
responsible for internal structure of Ethernet frame
implements trailer with frame check sequence for error detection
enables IPv4 and IPv6 to utilize the same physical medium*
applies source and destination MAC addresses to Ethernet frame
162. Which two functions are performed at the MAC sublayer of the OSI Data Link Layer to facilitate Ethernet communication? (Choose two.)
implements CSMA/CD over legacy shared half-duplex media*
enables IPv4 and IPv6 to utilize the same physical medium
adds Ethernet control information to network protocol data
handles communication between upper layer networking software and Ethernet NIC hardware
integrates Layer 2 flows between 10 Gigabit Ethernet over fiber and 1 Gigabit Ethernet over copper*
163. Which two functions are performed at the MAC sublayer of the OSI Data Link Layer to facilitate Ethernet communication? (Choose two.)
places information in the Ethernet frame that identifies which network layer protocol is being encapsulated by the frame*
handles communication between upper layer networking software and Ethernet NIC hardware
adds Ethernet control information to network protocol data
applies source and destination MAC addresses to Ethernet frame*
applies delimiting of Ethernet frame fields to synchronize communication between nodes

